    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    A" *Huff* *puff*"
    "I ran."
    "Ceaselessly."
    "My legs one after the other stomped on the asphalt."
    "I ran past the market. Past the fountain. Past the enormous buildings just erected."
    "My eyes spun around."
    "My head rang like a bell, the noises building up within my skull like an old machine's death throes growing unbearable."
    "A stream of bitter sweat flowed down my cheeks and upon my parched tongue."
    "A carriage rushed at my general direction, its wheels grinding on the puddles from yesternight's rain. The stallion galloped at me, hooves beating down the sand-yellow earth."
    "To hell with it."
    "I kept running, cutting across the carriage's front. Startled, the driver pulled the rein."
    "Hard."
    "The horse reared, startled and quite obviously hurt, as the rein tugged him from behind."
    "“Sorry, pal!” was what I would have said if I had the time."
    "But I had none, so I didn't."
    "Behind me, someone was swearing. Not that I cared. My ears now had space for but one thing, and it was the whizzing wind about me."
    "My eyes peeled open. All the stakes were on them: I observed and analyzed, as humanly fast as possible, the many faces on the street on such a day as today."
    "And then..."
    "I stopped before a lane."
    "Indeed the only place I had never set a foot into, today and all days before it."
    "It looked no more remarkable than a crack in the stet, stuck between two reinforced stone walls, deep as a hole to the abyss and about as inviting:"
    "Three feet wide, barely enough for a grown man. Not exactly a stellar hiding place. But then again, if you were looking for a place to hide."
    "Could it be that Azzu-"
    A" Urgh..."
    "My kneecap suddenly loosened. I was controlled, obviously, by a pain that shot from my breast to the top of my cranium. Like a jolt of electricity, running along my spine and filling my brain. Was it an imagination? No, that one word could not cut it."
    "No, I had no time to hesitate – not any more."
    "I withdrew my hands from my failing knees and stood upright."
    C0" Quo Vadis?"
    "I was not sure if the call from behind me was directed at me. Should that be the case, even, I wasn't exactly in the shape to answer."
    "I inhaled deep. I dusted my sleeve, as if preparing for a supremely solemn ceremony. Slowly. Calmly."
    "I stepped on my sweat that had fallen on the ground, crushing them into the dirt. One step. Two step. Three. The shadow – the beast – opened its jaws and swallowed the interloper like a lion would a lost fly."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "Thời gian: ???"
    "Âm thanh: Ambient"
    C0" You are back."
    C0" Yep! All fine and dandy now. For the moment."
    C0" You mean you've had fun messing with everything,"
    C0" Now, now, that's libelous exaggeration and you know it. I do only my part."
    C0" What can I say. Ours isn't the most eventful of existence, you and me."
    C0" Preach."
    C0" Sometimes I wish I'd chosen another agent. Someone more integrous and less prone to abusing her knowledge."
    C0" Come on, I know you love me. Who else would put your plans down into words and deeds when you need it?"
    C0" Plan? I wouldn't have been here if I had a plan of any sort."
    C0" Come now, no need to sell yourself short. The stuff you have in mind is a plan by all definitions. I wouldn't call it a good plan though."
    C0" But that doesn't mean I don't... appreciate what you do."
    C0" Ah well, here it comes again. You want another go at it, you better get started now. And do it better this time."
    C0" Goes without saying."
    "***"
    "MOVEMENT 1: Anatolio"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    ""
    C0" Yeow!"
    "// Màn hình nẩy lên."
    A" WHO THE HE-"
    C0" Oops. Shouldn't 'ave done that."
    "	“-LL PUT A FREAKING LOG HERE IN THE STREET?”"
    A" Oh, it's you, sir. Gooood day, sir."
    ""
    "Oh, right. I shouldn't have bothered."
    "There in front of me stands a man, who I'd called 'uncle' most of the time. A bookstore owner he is – used to be a road repairman who lived next door. Comes over to my place often, too. I have been no stranger to his tomato-red nose."
    "Borrowing money, most of the time."
    "So-called 'borrowing', anyway. A drunkard like him, well, it's less 'borrowed' and more 'beg' – you don't expect payback for that. Whether he remembers his 'debt' or not is anyone's guess."
    "Right, his name. Uncle Ascenderos, isn't it?"
    "Again, how he got himself a bookstore to his name is anyone's guess. Two kiosks, actually – looks bloody fine if you asked me."
    "Anyway, I'm not going to envy the guy. No sir, not at all."
    "Of course, there are things like this that I'm just not going to forget."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Well I was mending the store, you see. Forgot it was here since last night-"
    A" Yes, sir. Greeeeaaaat-looking plank here it is."
    ""
    "What I want to say, naturally, is “thanks to it, I'm just about to go have breakfast with the Creator himself!” But I'm letting it slide this once."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Oh, and what were you saying just now?"
    A" Eh... nope, no sir. I mean... I'm fine! Ha ha ha-"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Well that's good. Dropped any coin?"
    A" No, no, no! Not a one!"
    "//Icon giọt mồ hôi trên màn hình"
    "//Sound Effect: Èoooo"
    ""
    "Well I was just about expecting you to think of something other than money."
    A" Speaking of which, Uncle Ascenderos – you look rather... free."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Free? Free? With the rainbow crow ordering me about as you can see in plain sight?"
    "He scratches his sweaty brows. Looking at the mess in the kiosk, I can agree – he is definitely fixing something."
    "Fact of the matter is, whether I like or dislike him, the man himself has hardly been the only reason."
    C0" Hey! Who did you call a rainbow crow?"
    "/ Màn hình rung lên."
    "Ascenderos: Uh oh-"
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: What did I tell you?"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Eh... um... uh... you said, uh-"
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: I told you to turn this pile of junk into a cabinet! BEFORE I get back! Where's my cabinet? What're you doing, lollygaggin'?"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Oh yes, yes! I remember, I do! I'm working, right about now – now!"
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: Did I say I'm done?"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: W-what else?"
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: Do I look like a freaking CROW?"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Y-yes – I-I mean no! I meant-I meant – colorful-"
    "Well, yeah, sir, you're drunk."
    "Do allow me to introduce the main character of this blessed couple."
    "// Màn hình tiếp tục rung lên. SFX rầm rầm. Khoảng 3s"
    A" Well then I'll excuse myself. Don't mind me!"
    "Ignoring my groaning posterior, I began to gather the stuff I dropped."
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: Sure. Off you go, Anatolio – what a nice kid. Good morning!"
    "She waves her hand with a smile way too friendly. Like a saint. Yeeesh."
    "// Màn hình rung lên."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Anatolioooooo! A-a minute please! Help me! Help! HEEEEEELP!"
    "Mrs. Ascenderos: Here's your rainbow! Rainbow! Yeeeesh, rainbow! Want some more rainbows?"
    "I shrug."
    A" Ah, I wish I could."
    "The main reason why that old bookstore has become famous all over the neighborhood is that kind of lynching in the middle of the street in broad daylight."
    "Poor guy, I say. But then, who am I to risk my neck? So I'm just about to go the other way here."
    "Well, I tell myself, everyone should leave a friendly impression on everyone else. But that applies only on a case-by-case basis."
    "Like, let me ask you – are you going to leap head-first into a cloud of hornets to save a honey thief?"
    "If you would, I'd put you up on an altar and worship you. Oh wait, not going to do that for a bloody idiot. So there you go."
    "You reap what you sow, dear uncle. Not going to intervene."
    "In any case, I have work to do. Honestly."
    "// Màn hình rung lên."
    "Consider it the aftershock of some miniature seismic activity yesterday. Or the day before that. Everyone does that. Nobody cares."
    "It's just a passing thing. Always been, always will be."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "//force NVL"
    "I walk along the street towards the central area of the district."
    "The buildings on the two sides grow larger and taller as I walked, transforming into massive blocks."
    "The number of people on the streets grows, too, accompanying the noises of the drums, and the shouts, and the solicitation and a cacophony of what-have-yous."
    "The rings of silver coins in fat purses mingle with the hammering of masons and laborers working on new projects."
    "Welcome to our city. Above all, this is our world."
    "Indeed, that is our entire world."
    "<DOCUMENTS RECEIVED: BT1, BG1>"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bầu trời"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "A deep blue sky, divided in two."
    "The Western half, inhabited by large fluffy clouds like a mass of cotton candies."
    "The Eastern, they spread out and scatter, like a willow tree in the wind."
    "And here where I stand: a screen of gentle light from the above, like a sheet of golden cloth glittering."
    "One can ask for little more, I suppose."
    "There is sun, there is rain, in harmony and in peace, as caring as the motherly hands. Grains and cereal need but the harvesting scythe."
    "Life is good. Really good."
    "They even say, in the farms and villages the farmers don't even have to work all day – half a day at work and at rest the other half."
    "Like I said, one can ask for little more."
    "The Inner City is a mite more complicated so to speak, but all in all, everything's good."
    "Buildings were built back to back, leaving us a few major avenues, a larger number of streets, several little lanes, and a couple cul-de-sacs buried behind rows of bricks and mortar."
    "Even the roads themselves are rarely straight, but twist and turn like a strangled python. Strangely enough, all of these put together form a perfect urban picture."
    "Like an abstract painting: hard to understand, but you can't really complain."
    "Indeed, the cityscape is beautiful – so much so that people dare not dream of the greater things. We, more than anyone else, know what is 'good enough'."
    "Except for a few, that is"
    A" …"
    "Breathe in. One step forward. Two steps."
    "Three."
    "<DOCUMENTS RECEIVED: BG2>"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "After breakfast, I leave the De'Rovere guild quarters. Returning home with an assorted inventory in hand, I make every effort to avoid the road just travelled."
    "I turn into a street dominated by a luxurious mansion, encased in a layer of white, spiked fence arranged in perfect symmetry. My blood suddenly runs cold."
    "I never seem to come to this place all that frequently."
    "Makes sense: if you had a small homestead in a small neighborhood on the other side of the river where everyone knew everyone else, it would be hard to imagine that just a short distance away there was such a contrasting scene, of men and of vehicles and of goods."
    "I come back to my world – the place I have been to this morning, from my vantage point, looks like a grain of corn in the horizon."
    "The storm, it seems, has passed. Time to go home for good."
    "There, in a quiet corner, is the home of your sincerely. We have a small fruit stall that also diversifies into minor sundries and haberdasheries. Nothing special, in other words."
    "Maybe it is my mother's kindly nature – or perhaps rather the needlessly colorful signboard at the front (I swear, that was NOT my idea)."
    "Fact of the matter is, business is good, and so is my family coffer."
    "That's the reason why I – unemployed as I am – have the luxury to loiter around most of the time. Well, I'm not really unemployed, as I have yet to truly come of age."
    "Not that “not yet of age” prevented quite a few of my friends finding work, anyway."
    "But then I'm an artist-cum-scientist. Self-proclaimed, true, but it is still something I have to say in my defense, am I right?"
    "Then I saw a small horse-drawn wagon about to roll into the yard."
    "	I brake. Hard."
    P" Took you long enough, didn't it?"
    "(That's the one responsible for that signboard!)"
    "Wait a second, Dad. That is MY line!"
    "The man sitting on the driver's seat with a glance of arrogance on his face was none other than my dear father."
    "Having finally returned home after his trip, of course."
    "He eases the rein when he saw me giving way."
    "Now half of his thin beard has turned grey, but his occasional childishness draws still my mother's ire."
    A" Alright, alright, Dad. About time you got home."
    P" What's up with ya, son? Tired of waiting? Look, transporting all this goods all over the bloody world's exhausted them horses even more. Don't complain!"
    "“As if I ain't exhausted myself!”, I'd like to say. But then if I'd done son, I knew he'd go on yet another tirade, like-"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    P" Young people have to learn patience. Patience is a great virtue, a way to train and grow, to be stronger, faster, better!"
    P" Look at the poor horses: all those packs and sacks and your old dad too, and not a word of complaint. How do you think you have the right to be 'tired' with that little sack of yours?"
    P" Oh, what's that face? Want some maths? Let me give you some maths."
    P" Let's see, this pack weighs... hmm... how much does it weigh again?"
    P" But never mind! In short, well,, in short! Got it, m'boy? Got it?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Well, yes, that's how it turns out this time just as the last."
    "I'd say Lord Pietro the Great is quite fond of his voice: he delivers his speech, pointing at the sky, as if nothing in the world matters any more but that speech."
    A" Um... Dad?"
    P" Do keep in mind that I have been tirelessly-"
    A" Um… Dad?"
    P" -earning money to keep this family afloat: that means you and your Mom too! Oh, and what's that you have to say, hmm?"
    A" Nah, nothing. I just want to say, well, just behind you-"
    A" Someone's this-a-way, and he's-"
    C0" Hey you! You deaf, stupid old fool? Get the HELL out of my way!"
    "Neigh."
    "Meep."
    A" -just about to lose his patience."
    C0" Hyah!"
    "Gallop went the horse, towards our general vicinity. Closer. And closer. And closer."
    "Have you, by chance, ever wished you could become invisible and immaterial?"
    P" AAAAARGH!"
    "If yes, congratulations. You and him both."
    "	// Màn hình zoom-in nhanh và xoay ngang."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bên trong nhà"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "I help Dad into the house. It was not a crash or a bad fall, but his arm is still covered in grazes."
    "Dad makes every attempt to remain cool, while Mom seemed to be quite worried – though she did put up a cold demeanor."
    "She definitely knows what happened, being like one window away from the near-collision. Besides, it just isn't like her to ignore."
    "Dad carried from the wagon a leg of mutton and some two barrels and a half of fresh apples."
    "Mrs. Pietro: I'll stash them away."
    "The good Lord Pietro looks at me with a smirk. He pinches his nose, as if terribly proud of himself. “What's up, son?”"
    "Just like him."
    "I glance back at him with a small smile. Then I look away from him."
    "	It is Dad's job to go literally everywhere he needs to go to deliver and sell goods between the guilds and the outlying villages."
    "	His favorite job, all things considered. And mine, too – I'm working towards doing the same thing as he does."
    "“It's so nice doing what Dad does,” I once thought."
    "Such is a life on the road, like a wanderer, listening to the lone horse's hooves against the cobblestone. Such is a life where everywhere is your home, sleep in inns and dine in restaurants. Such is a life where you can be anywhere, bringing home the bounties of your discoveries."
    "And most of all, such is the life of freedom."
    "Once he returned from a trip to the furthest North and brought home a butchered wolf he bought for cheap from a hunter on the prowl. For a month everyday was a veritable feast."
    "Another time it took him but a bit of buy-low-sell-high to get a warm woolen coat for a distant cousin of mine for practically nothing. I don't think I can ever match that kind of acumen, not with my level of skill and practice (or lack thereof) in the trades of merchants."
    "It is true. Dad and I, we exchange snarks like nobody's business, but for him I have little other than complete respect."
    "His present, after all, is my most possible future. If I can deal with it, of course."
    "//Màn hình lóa sáng/ Sóng nước hay cái gì đó đại loại thế."
    A" ……………"
    "In any case, that is a thought – an imagination – for another time."
    "Mrs. Pietro: I'll stash them away."
    P" Sorry, dear. Not much else this time."
    "I close the door, peering at my dad scratching his forehead. It is not without embarrassment that he produces a pinch of dried raisins from his pouch."
    "He is tired today, quite a bit more so than usual, in spite of his cheerful exterior."
    "In the end, time is still the most powerful weapon in existence, packing more destruction than anything else imaginable."
    P" What a bore."
    "Dad sits down at the table with a slump. Melancholy has somehow taken over his regular tone of voice."
    A" Dad..."
    "I was about to crack a joke or poke him, or something along those lines. But then something within me has managed to stay my hands and mouth on time."
    "His smile, as it happened, was terribly fake. Has he been expecting something from me?"
    P" Maybe I'll have to sell this wagon, dear. This time-"
    "He staggers towards Mom – has his leg been injured? There's a bit of bandage on his ankle half-hidden by his pants."
    "Yes, they ARE discussing something."
    "There are just three in this room today, yet the air is getting supremely stuffy. The tension spikes as I hear the first few words they whisper"
    "The look on my face, perhaps, is the same as my parents."
    "Regret, perhaps?"
    "Or acceptance?"
    A" …"
    "In the end, I have said nothing."
    "Dad and Mom continue to talk, but I have no heart to eavesdrop any more."
    "Everyone living in our neighborhood has grown used to me. After all, I pass by them everyday. In reflection, if I keep going around, sooner or later everyone there is to know will know my face, or I will know their's."
    "Sooner or later, all the strange and faraway places will become common sight. And common sights, as they tend to, will become boring. It is just a matter of time."
    "One round, two rounds, three rounds... this city isn't changing, and this world is not getting any bigger."
    "It's like if you are to go around a circle: you'll be back to the start, sooner or later."
    "The caged birds in the gilded cage, perhaps, have started to realize their fate. They would chirp aloud, yet barely making enough sound to fill a single floor."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    P" From now on, I'll be around more often with you two."
    "//NVL"
    "In a nutshell, that is how things have boiled down into, nice and clear."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường giữa 2 ô lúa – Hiệu ứng ngược sáng"
    "Thời gian: Bình minh – Quá khứ"
    "//Ngôi thứ 3"
    "//NVL"
    "//BGM: Stella Stellina"
    "Dusk on the road was warm and crisp."
    "Between the two fields of gold and yellow was a clay-brown road."
    "There a group of children were playing with all due innocence."
    "One could almost feel their youthful vigor mingling with the warmth of the late afternoon sun – cool, mild, pure and gentle, like the light of the new moon."
    "By all accounts, an unforgettable scene."
    "//ADV"
    "What are they playing?"
    "-	A new game?"
    "Countless children were raising their little feet, then dropping them back down. Like a military parade. One, two, one, two..."
    "//Các câu sau có indent. Lưu ý indent cho đúng."
    "No, what ARE they playing?"
    "-	A new game."
    "In the middle there kneel a little silhouette, hands over the temple. So happy, in fact, that the figure seems to be crying."
    "What kind of game?"
    "-	Merely a new game!"
    "Laughters of delight and joy were endless. An end to them, at that point, seemed to be but an imaginary respite."
    "The girl cried, as if piercing time and space itself."
    "The girl laughed, as if singing a most exquisite song."
    "And yet the two sounds could not break that wall between them and the ears of passers-by. Like automatons made of bronze and steel they walked past, eyes empty as if devoid of souls."
    "That was alright, wasn't it? Everything would come to an end, whether or not anyone did anything, wouldn't it?"
    "Observe!"
    "The weeping was growing quieter. Had the girl grown used to it?"
    "The laughters was growing lower. Had the girl grown bored?"
    "Oh, bless the fortunes: footsteps are coming!"
    "Whose footsteps?"
    "-	The boy's."
    "Whose footsteps?"
    "-	The kids are running off."
    "Whose footsteps?"
    "-	Nobody's."
    "What a killjoy!"
    "A mass of hair flowed. The girl looked up."
    "A hand extended."
    "And so they met."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "Fast as the cymbals of the children playing mock parade, the afternoon comes."
    "If I am to stay indoors, the cool breeze from outside falling upon the window sill would make me drowsy.  "
    "Rather than sitting like a man bored out of his wits next to the pile of books, I stand up. Time for a walk – health accompanies activity, so has my Dad said."
    "As the day fades away, the streets in the city also grows less busy. Now's the time the ordinary person would prepare to rest."
    "What few stalls and kiosks that remain in the marketplace are closing down. Even the stray dogs on the streets are withdrawing to the shadowy lanes, their litters in tow."
    "I wonder if the little puppies would catch a cold. They were stray pups, after all, their furs dripping with rain water from the passing drizzle."
    "If she were here, she'd leap towards them and hold them in her arms."
    "This is also the time for the taverns and inns to spring to life. I'm just about seeing scattered lights lighting up corners here and there against the sunlight, like pairs upon pairs of owls' eyes."
    "Some travelers are leading their steeds into the stables, just as some others readying for a night's journey."
    "The quiet streets rarely ever lend themselves to changes."
    A" Ah!"
    "Now that I'm here, well, I'm stumped. Where next, Anatolio?"
    "***"
    "Choice 1"
    "1.	The park."
    "2.	The cathedral."
    "3.	Just walk around"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Công viên"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "The park is one of the only places where the dying light has not been blocked off by all sorts of buildings. I can see the sunset sky from here!"
    "Whenever the endless grey walls tire me, I would come here, watching the bundles of leaves hanging atop oak branches as the smell of fresh paint wafts into my nostrils."
    "Welcome to Anatolio Pietro's painting workshop. Ever since I was a child, my pictures have gotten me no ends of praise."
    "It seems as if but a few days has passed since then."
    A" …"
    "Today I am tired – it is more prudent, perhaps, to find a corner to nod off. At least, that is my intention."
    "In truth, my luck tends to betray me when I most need it – all the benches surrounding me have been taken."
    A" Just my luck."
    "I'd best find some other place then."
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên 5s"
    A" !!!"
    "An earthquake?"
    "Wait, hold on, isn't the crowd over there a little restless too?"
    "Shouldn't I run out of here and hide my behind underneath a bench or something?"
    C0" EARTHQUAKE! EARTHQUAKE! OUTTA THE WAY!"
    A" Wait a sec. Shouldn't an earthquake not say it's coming?"
    "Nope. That's one voice I know well."
    "I dodge to the side out of reflex."
    "Unfortunately, there happens to be a rather large molehill behind me."
    "//Màn hình nảy lên."
    C0" Owwiee..."
    "The figure sprawling before me is familiar enough, that much is true."
    "A young lady, about my age, endowed with a flowing mass of oily blond hair."
    "She pushes herself up, dusting her skirt and sleeve, as though trying to attract every else's attention."
    "In her arms there is a thick book with a chestnut cover that she has simply refused to let go."
    A" Azzurra!"
    Az" Anatolio?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: công viên - ghế đá"
    "Thời gian: chiều tối"
    "We have found a fortunately unoccupied bench. Even more fortunately, Azzurra looks fine but for a tiny scrape."
    "There she sits and smiles at her incredibly handsome friend. Her hands cradles and caresses the book as if it were a dear pet."
    "I'm still waiting – no, I bet she's just going to thank the incredibly handsome fellow who has come to her aid."
    "Not to say I claim to be incredibly handsome. That would be so arrogant."
    "Ahem – back to the story. Friends, citizens, countrymen – may I introduce Azzurra Ines, a granddaughter of Mr. Tiziano Ines, our old neighbor."
    "Not much is known about Azzurra's parents: all I know is that they abandoned her and left her in old Tiziano's care. She never seemed to leave him for a moment."
    "Hers was a sad tale: it was no wonder she has always been given preferential treatment by everyone else."
    "Her name apparently means “blue” - yet I have always been meeting her when the sky is dyed red – like today. How ironic."
    A" Feeling better?"
    Az" But for a lump."
    A" Did you have to run like that?"
    Az" Well, here's the deal-"
    "Azzurra's face turns red as a beetroot. She freezes in her seat."
    A" Ah well. New book, isn't it?"
    "I don't think I have any better option than changing the topic."
    "Azzurra doesn't talk all that much and one of the worst person you can find in the city at initiating a conversation. Is it any surprise she has a very few friends?"
    Az" Uh…"
    "No, not at all."
    "In any case, ever since Mr. Ines passed away, Azzurra has lived alone. She began speaking more. A good sign, my parents thought. After all, to them she has been practically a daughter."
    "But it took her merely a few months to abandon that good habit."
    "Instead, she began burying herself in books."
    "If you go to the bottom of it all, that might be my fault."
    "You see, I have always been a sucker for the secrets of the world, but has reading alone ever been fun?"
    "I was lucky, then, that Azzurra exists, and that she shares in my interest. One thing led to another, and in time she became my reading buddy."
    "But then it wasn't entirely my fault, mind you."
    "As it happened, a child like Azzurra couldn't for the life of her understand all the books Mr. Ines had to offer. It was my father's idea to let her borrow from my family's collection."
    "By then I had long finished them all – whether I wanted to or not, to her I have become a senior, a companion and a teacher rolled into one. The distance between her and I have ever been narrowing since then."
    A" Azu, isn't that a waste of money?"
    "I spoke in the deepest voice I could muster."
    "Azzurra widens her eyes at me. Then, as though having understood the crux of the matter, casts her glance at the book and tries to laugh it off."
    Az" But... but it's a wonderful book!"
    "As time passed, my family collection began to peter out. Yet Mr. Ines' collection remains way beyond her reach (and mine). To fill in the gap, every month Azzurra would burn a bunch of cash to build her very own personal library."
    "I feel a pang of remorse some time."
    Az" Anyway, haven't I told you already? Stop calling me Azu, you... crazy Ana!"
    A" Hey, hey, your fault for giving me that girly nickname to begin with! Seriously, I'm going to–"
    Az" You're going to do what?"
    "Azzurra tossed her hair. A challenge – she has a habit of doing that whenever she interrupts me like so."
    A" I'm going home!"
    Az" Well, suit yourself then, Cra-zy Ana. Scare-dy Ana—"
    A" AAARRGH!"
    "//Màn hình lắc rung."
    "Show of hands: Who thinks I'm totally justified to have my name changed?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "Why am I sitting here reading with Azzurra again?"
    "If I am to be rational, probably because reading and verbally sparring with someone beats sitting alone in a corner any day."
    A" Alright, I give up. Accept my apology, my dear lady."
    "Yeah, well, let's do that. Someone has to give, and Azzurra definitely isn't that someone."
    Az" Admitted defeat, huh?"
    A" Sure, sure, sure, it's a no, Big Sister Azzurra."
    Az" Haha, that's my good little bro."
    "That was actually rather scary, Azzurra."
    A" Well if you say so."
    A" Anyway... where did this book come from?"
    "It looked like a precious volume, meticulously bound and strapped."
    Az" I bought it."
    A" That's fishy – haven't you spent the last penny in this month's allowance just the other day?"
    "If memory serves me well, she had to borrow me some spare changes yesterday."
    Az"...."
    A" Where did this book come from then? Don't tell me you were literally raiding the bookstore..."
    Az" N-not telling!"
    A" Not even for some taffy?"
    Az" I said no!"
    A" Well I'll be terribly curious-"
    Az" Not my business."
    A" I'll have a stroke from sheer excitement!"
    Az" Like I care?"
    A" I'll die wide open!"
    Az" Fine – call me when your funeral comes."
    A" ..."
    "Azzurra steals a glance at me. I am willing to bet she hasn't actually been reading anything from that tome all the while."
    A" Well then, I'll be off. See you later."
    "I dust my sleeve and make a show of standing up. Azzurra doesn't bulge an inch."
    "Well, that is until I start taking a few steps towards the opposite direction."
    Az"  Hey hey hey hey hey! Where're you going?"
    "Of course she'd do that. Azzurra Ines, for everyone's information, is not known for being too aggressive or too wise, and probably can't bully anyone except your humble sincerely. A price to pay for being nice..."
    A" Well then, tell me."
    "Azzurra (tiu nghỉu): In truth..."
    "***"
    "//Hiệu ứng gợn sóng đồng tâm"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" What? //Màn hình nẩy lên// You stole it???"
    Az" Shhhh. Stealing is such an ugly word. It's not like I did it on purpose-"
    A" It does seem like stealing to me."
    Az" Not really? The bookstore owner dropped it first!"
    Az" I'm not a thief, Anatolio…"
    "Azzurra pinches me on my sleeve. She is capable of laying down the hurt, all right."
    A" Hmm…"
    "Azzurra's interpretation, after all, isn't exactly 'wrong'. Mr. Ascenderos and his figurative six fingers aren't exactly known for being careful book handlers. It isn't uncommon to have him fling his books all over the place while carting them from the storeroom on the opposite side of the road."
    "You would think an alcoholic with hand-eye coordination problems like him should just stop being such a miser and hire some capable employees."
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    Az" I simply saw the book just lying there when I walked past – that's no way to treat such a pretty book!"
    Az" Only when the owner came out did I know-"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "In other words, she pocketed it. Finders keepers, as they like to say."
    A" And then he chased you here?"
    Az" Nope."
    A" … you were running, you know."
    Az" Just as a precaution."
    "A wasted precaution, I think. Knowing our dear Uncle Ascenderos... it isn't like him to keep track of his inventory. Maybe Azzurra is the only person in this whole city who'd be running like mad for fear of him."
    "But then again..."
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    A" That is still stealing! Give it back!"
    Az" No no no! I'm still reading!"
    A" Then finish it and then give it back."
    Az" Nope! I have to reread too!"
    A" Are you going to give it back or not?"
    Az" Hey. For you."
    "Azzurra whips out a piece of paper, weathered and yellowed, from the pages of the book."
    A" And this is?"
    Az" Look!"
    "The writing is legible still – aside from a few parts eaten by termites, it is quite obviously a love poem."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "//Hiện chữ trắng trên nền cảnh đen"
    "//NVL"
    "“O nightingale so feeble,"
    "Binding my soul through threads of silk"
    "Boiling my heart in a crucible of love,"
    "Made of purity and *** unmarred."
    "O nightingale so beauteous!"
    "Let my garden host your wings!"
    "Yours, my heart crimson-gold"
    "Like flowers red, like lions bold."
    "O nightingale so gentle,"
    "Make no excuse, me, your devoted."
    "Though vagarious, let fate not bridle"
    "The oak and the ??? that is yours…"
    "******************”"
    "// Giovanni de’Rovere"
    "//tím"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    Az" It has to be a serenade, from a poor man to a princess or something."
    A" Well it just sounds creepy to me."
    Az" Don't you have a single romantic bone in your body, Anatolio?It's obviously a love poem! Nightingale wings, and giving up one's heart too!"
    Az" I... I just love romances that transcend the class barrier. Like Cinderella, or the Frog Prince, or even Don Quichotte! It's awesome to have poor people who are, well... awesome!Azzurra: I'm just wondering if there will be any gallant prince on a white courser who'd gladly lay bare his heart for me?"
    "I can't help but wonder, what does a silly knightly wannabe charging a windmill have to do with class-transcending romances?"
    A" Hey, don't look at me like that. I have absolutely nothing to do with this-"
    "//Azzurra liếc"
    A" Azzurra. That's a dangerously overimaginative thinking you're having."
    Az" How so?"
    A" To be honest? These sounds to me like a powerful tyrant forcing a maiden to marry him. Nothing in this text says anything about a poor man. Nope. Zilch. Nada."
    "The strong words and bloody imageries in this here text do not sit well with me. Spine-chilling."
    Az" Hmm... that makes sense. A good theory, too."
    A" Theory? I'm certain this is what it is. Believe it or not."
    Az" So... not a romance worthy of songs and art?"
    A" Nope."
    Az" Not a timeless love between a poor peasant and a princess?"
    A" Most certainly not."
    "Azzurra bites her nails. She tends to do that whenever she realizes she'd done something positively ridiculous."
    "I sniffed the yellowed sheet."
    A" It's not even old paper. Sure it might be a little weathered and beaten now, but this is some good paper. Also there's this seal."
    Az" Uh huh-"
    "The sheet was pressed between the pages, but it is obvious the paper could not have been more than a couple decades old. The seal was smudged, but there is something oddly familiar in it."
    A" Aaaaanyway, don't just go about changing the topic like that!	Anatolio: Are you returning the book or not?"
    "If bad would come to worse, I can afford to pay for the book for her, but that would set a really bad precedent."
    "The girl needs a lesson."
    Az" Not gonna! He's such a scary man!"
    "There's the reason I'm looking for."
    "And that's perfectly o-kay."
    A" I'll come with you."
    Az" No, no, no, no!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên."
    Az" I... I gave this book a purpose! Isn't that better than letting it sit there in the storeroom for all eternity?"
    A" The end doesn't justify the means, dear. Give it back."
    Az" Not gonna."
    A" I'll have to use force."
    Az" Go ahead!"
    A" Give me the book!!!!"
    "//Màn hình rung lắc mạnh trong ít nhất 10s"
    Az" No no no no noooo!!!!!!"
    "Not giving up, are you?"
    "Well, your fault. I'll have to..."
    "***"
    "Choice 2"
    "1.	Tickle her."
    "2.	Pinch her cheeks."
    "3.	Headbutt her."
    "4.	I've got nuthin'"
    "***"
    "Choice 2 =1"
    A" HIYAAAAAH!"
    "“Sorry, Azzurra.”"
    Az" KYAAAAH!!!!"
    "//Hai ngôi sao (bị tát) hiện lên"
    "It cost me two slaps on the cheek, but the book is now under Anatolio Pietro's military occupation."
    "Mein Creator! I did it!"
    "Azzurra (ôm ngực): Pervert!"
    A" Sorry, Azzurra. I didn't intend to do that."
    A" You okay?"
    "I lift my hand, intent on helping a prone Azzurra back to her feet."
    "But then..."
    C0" HIYAAH!!"
    A" ?"
    "Someone is shouting?"
    C0" Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
    "Wait. Who is that, and why are they shouting?"
    C0" Daaaa!"
    "//Cảnh vật lộn nhào, nảy lên"
    C0" Ohoh! Look what we find here!"
    "Go to ChoiceOut 1"
    "***"
    "Choice 2 =2"
    A" Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...."
    "““Sorry, Azzurra.”.”"
    Az" It-uuuuurts!"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    "Finally, I've got the book back. Of course, not without Azzurra being hurt."
    Az" Ugly Ana! Why pinch me? I'm gonna hate you!"
    A" Sorry, Azzurra. I didn't intend to do that."
    A" You okay?"
    "I lift my hand, intent on helping a prone Azzurra back to her feet."
    "But then..."
    C0" HIYAAH!!"
    A" ?"
    "Someone is shouting?"
    C0" Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
    "Wait. Who is that, and why are they shouting?"
    C0" Daaaa!"
    "//Cảnh vật lộn nhào, nảy lên"
    C0" Ohoh! Look what we find here!"
    "Goto ChoiceOut 2"
    "***"
    "Choice 2 =3"
    "//Màn hình rung lên ít nhất 5s"
    "Got it at last. O book, it's time to go home at last!"
    Az" ..."
    "Azzurra says nothing. Her face, frozen. Her hands, covering her temple. That must have hurt. Tears are overflowing, even as I thought, from the corners of her eyes."
    A" Um. Hey. Hello? You alright? I'm sorry! I was overdoing it-"
    "Yes, I was overdoing it."
    "Should have resorted to some less violent way. Like tickling her or somesuch."
    Az" That hurts."
    "Tears are running along her cheeks. I suddenly feel guilty: should I go help her or something?"
    "Except..."
    C0" HIYAH!!"
    A" ??"
    "Someone is shouting?"
    C0" Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!"
    "Wait. Who is that, and why are they shouting?"
    C0" DEYAH!!"
    "//Cảnh vật lộn nhào, nảy lên"
    C0" Ohoh! Look what we find here!"
    "***"
    "Choice 2 = 4"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" This here's the place where forgotten pages go. Now they're reopened yet again."
    C0" In any case, whatever. In this place, the passage of time is imaginary, come what may."
    C0" Well, I'm glad to have a chance to talk to you guys like this."
    C0" Once again, thanks for reading “The Horizon”."
    C0" Though not in the same league as literary masterpieces, we have put our all into it. That is why I hope you would enjoy it as much as we have making it."
    C0" Though, don't go neglecting your life! A couple hours next to the screen a day is enough."
    C0" Do spend time exercising. Lipid disorder is one of the most deadly diseases of our time, responsible for cardiac arrest, strokes and many other fun stuff. A slow and quiet killer, that one."
    C0" So it's prudent to take preventive precautions, no?"
    C0" According to the American Stroke Association, everyone should exercise at least one hundred and fifty minutes per week of moderate-intensity activity and 75 minutes of high-intensity activity. That should greatly lower the risk of high blood pressure and lipid disorder."
    C0" Oooor in layman's term: Do take time off the compy some time, 'kay?"
    C0" Well that's enough babbling for now. Back to the task at hand."
    C0" Seeya!"
    "Go to Choice 2 = 3"
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 2"
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    C0" Good afternoon, Ana. Once again, Elena runs into Ana."
    A" Elena…"
    "That kind of mannerism... there's only one person on the face of this green earth I know of."
    "//NVL những đoạn tả dài."
    "Hiding behind the shoulders of the muscular footman, the petite girl moves forward, dusting her golden hair. Her hair, for that matter, looks not dissimilar to Azzurra's, though longer and more delicate. The strands roll on both side into classy folds, a far cry from Azzurra's simplistic beauty. The way they clip her hair, too, is extremely stylish. And if you are to look closer, you probably can't take your eyes off her gothic red dress, sewed with golden threats sparkling in the sunlight."
    "Let me introduce to you Elena De'Rovere: the friend I've made since my eight birthday – our eight birthday. The years have been nothing but extremely kind upon her, and here she stands, a splendid lady beyond my wildest imagination."
    "She extends her hand towards me: a small, soft hand with long fingers as opposed to Azzurra's thick and short ones. Her pink fingernails were painted gold, sparkling and shining under the drops of late sunlight."
    "My biggest mistake this time around turns out to be actually accepting her help. I was just about to praise her, when her fingers let go of me. Poor dear Anatolio falls with yet another thud. And it hurts. A lot."
    A" Hey, what are you doing, letting go like that?"
    E" Mmm. Elena apologizes. Let Elena help Ana up again.//Zoom sát môi elena. Delay 1s// Once again, please, Ana."
    "//Zoom xa trở lại"
    A" Nope, nope and nope. I'll stand up myself, thank you very much."
    "Has anyone told her how scary she is when she actually smiles?"
    E" Teehee. When a man falls, he has to stand up, staring into the endless blue sky as he does. Isn't it songworthy?"
    A" Look who's talking."
    "***"
    E" La la la…"
    "A song escapes Elena's lips. If I remember correctly, that is the melody of Vivaldi's Allegro. Her fingers steepled in front of her, looking terribly friendly and innocent, especially in conjunction with her current face."
    "You know what they say about not taking a girl's innocent-looking smile at face value? Roses do have thorns, much less this young lady here, whose dress might as well have been made of thorns."
    E" Ana? Why is Ana looking at Elena like that? Elena feels like blushing!"
    A" Ah, no. No. Nothing."
    "I couldn't help but be drawn to how gorgeous she is. Just like every other time we've met."
    "Elena has a manner of speech particular only to her, that is way, way different from everyone else's. It probably isn't even one particular to her family, since I've yet to hear anyone from her household talking like that. But then that hasn't surprised me."
    "That's the Elena I know, the Elena who always knows how to differentiate herself from the rabbles around her."
    E" Teehee."
    "See, looking at me standing up with a painful posterior, she is still laughing. Look, look, there she laughs again! I know it!"
    "//Elena cười"
    E" Elena has a question. What has Ana been up to?"
    A" Why ask? You saw it all."
    "Speaking of which. Where is the book? It was in my hands just now."
    "Well I was knocked a bit away – and that's where the book's probably gone-"
    "Hold on a sec."
    A" Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra is not there any more."
    A" Azzurra!"
    "When I turn around, the girl's already off in the distance with the book in her hand. Apparently she'd snatched it from my hands while I was flat-footed there."
    E" Hi hi…"
    "Elena's sinister smile is enough hint as to what has actually happened."
    "I don't care if it is her joke or not. I have to mend my error, like now!"
    A" Azzurra. Stop, stop!"
    "I leap back on my foot, just about to chase after her."
    E" Would Ana please hang on for a second."
    A" ?"
    "My collar contracts – before I could react, one of the two footmen towering over me has already lifted me off the ground such that I can only feel the tip of my toes on the ground."
    E" Is the lovely Ana just going to leave like that? Dear Ana?"
    "Her voice is disdainful before the victim that is me."
    A" Right, right, I get it. Now can you please let me down?"
    E" If Ana prefers."
    "***"
    A" Ana Schmana. First Azu, then you. Haven't I told you I hate that name? Look, we're all grown up now. Don't I deserve a more fitting name?"
    "Or one that doesn't make me sound too wimpy."
    E" Well, Ana does call Ms. Ines 'Azu'."
    A" That's different. Harmless!"
    "But to an extraordinarily handsome and talented individual like your sincerely who is yet single, well, it's not harmless any more."
    E" Elena finds it alright, isn't it? Elena-Ana. Elena-Ana. Like a match made in heaven!"
    "//Elena ôm mặt đỏ bừng"
    A" WHAT DO YOU MEAN A MATCH?"
    "***"
    "Fact of the matter is, Azzurra isn't the first person to call me so."
    "Ever since our first meeting, Elena has been quite fond of shortening my name. I've been complaining for the sake of complaining – having gotten used to it anyway."
    E" Ana needn't be so hasty. Behold! Elena has a present!"
    "The man from before takes one step back. Behind Elena another footman approaches. Now three in total, each and every of them has that fierce appearance about them that I don't want to look at them any more than I have to."
    "What does stand out is that they are clad from top to toe in black."
    E" Here. Would Ana mind having a look-see?"
    "A page from a gazette?"
    "Obviously. The page has been cut out from the local “Vir Sanctus”. Probably the latest issue: the smell of ink is fresh and warm. Which is good, too: I haven't actually checked out today's newspaper."
    "Wait a sec. Isn't this..."
    "TOMORROW's issue?"
    "That's not actually surprising on second thoughts. Knowing who Elena is (and who her father is), it isn't all that remarkable for her to grab a copy one day before."
    "But why show it to me?"
    "Let's have a look."
    "//CG: trang báo"
    "//Font CMU Typewritter"
    "YOUTH CAUGHT IN THE ACT COMMITTING DESPICABLE FELONY ON YOUNG WOMAN"
    "//Màn hinh zoom ra zoom vào"
    "The title smashes into my eyes with all the force and subtlety of a heavy warhammer."
    A" WHAT THE HELL???"
    "//Từ đây là NVL"
    "//Font CMU Typewritter"
    "“Last afternoon, our reporters have discovered a youth named Ana[REDACTED] physically assaulting a young woman named E[REDACTED]. When approached, he stated his reason for this most reprehensible assault to be “Just 'cause”. This is clearly a dangerous behavior and should be eliminated from civilized society-”"
    "//Font bình thường"
    "There's a picture accompanying the article."
    "Hastily taken, yes, but everyone can recognize that is ME in plain sight."
    "//Mờ background, Elena nhảy lên"
    E" Interesting, isn't it? Do spare a thank for Elena's loyal man here. If not for him, there wouldn't be this paper from the horse's mouth."
    "Servant: My pleasure, m'lady."
    E" Isn't it good, Ana? In this paper, Ana has taken vengeance on Elena's swipe just now!"
    A" So the redacted part was on purpose?"
    E" But of course. At first Elena intended not to censor the name, but then the editor said it would be too obvious. Took Elena quite a while to persuade him, too. What a bother!"
    "//Elena cười"
    A" A-are you kidding? Tell-tell me you didn't really send-"
    "I can no longer keep my voice high and mighty. In fact, I can no longer feel my vocal cords. Or, for that matter, control how they vibrate."
    E" What say you, good man?"
    "Footman: Already sent to the print five minutes before, m'lady."
    "He bends his back a little at my general direction. Behind his thick glasses I spot a pair of disdainful eyes. Is he or is he not smirking at me?"
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    A" I see."
    E" Ana is so smart isn't he?"
    "What a lovely smile, Elena. What a good way to go, Anatolio. Not everyone gets to be seen off by the face of an angel."
    A" Though we aren't truly childhood friends, we have known each other for long enough. I was wondering, if the Lady Elena De'Rovere would spare the humble Anatolio Pietro a small favor?"
    E" ?"
    "Elena tilts her head. Hesitated. This is probably not in her original plan."
    A" Would you begrudge me but a blank sheet of paper?"
    E"..."
    "//Elena nghiêng đầu"
    "//Delay 1s"
    E" No, Elena shall not. But she is curious, what Ana is planning to use it for."
    A" Something of utmost importance."
    E" ?"
    "//Elena nghiêng đầu."
    A" Pen my last will and testaments."
    "That it should come to this terribly important thing. Yes, a good time for it too: what a beautiful sunset. Am I not proud that my body and soul gets to melt into the last drop of a day's sunlight. Duskfall, the light of ruin, the light heralding the Eventide, the light promising a distant rebirth. A pity it is, that said rebirth shall have not a place for me."
    "You who hear my speech, lend me your ears and do me a favor. Tell my parents I am sorry. What a costly mistake this has turned out to be."
    E" Aha. Ahahahaha."
    A" Why are you laughing?"
    E" Teehee… So after all those years knowing Elena, Ana is still so... ridiculous. So silly. Isn't he? Ahahaha."
    "Elena's knees tremble with her every laughter. The two footmen, diligent as they are, have to prop her up with all haste."
    A" So... you haven't actually sent that thing to the print?"
    E" Not without Ana's consent, no! But if Ana wills Elena so-"
    A" No, no, no, no, no. No! Please!"
    "Can't be so sure who's the fool in this business."
    E" Elena agrees not. What will Elena get for doing as Ana says?"
    "Elena tosses her hair."
    A" Um…"
    "Just as planned. I needed only feign the vulnerable guy, and Elena has to give way. Once again."
    "I should be candid at this point: I know she has only the heart to make me mad. But if I should make her mad... well, let's not get to that. Time for a concession or two."
    "In any case, it was silly enough getting mixed up in this. I need to rethink matters. From now on, I'll just stay at home in the afternoon. What say you? Go out there, learn something new? Bah! I've learnt enough, that's why I'll stay right where it's safe!"
    E" Well, Elena won't send this to the print, no. But in return... isn't it fair that Ana does Elena a wee favor?"
    A" A... favor? Right! I mean... yes! Anything!"
    "Wait a sec. You AREN'T going to have me commit suicide, are you?"
    E" Rest easy, Ana. Elena shall not make him commit suicide."
    "Murder someone then?"
    E" Or homicide."
    "Robbery."
    E" Nope."
    "Arson."
    E" Nah."
    "Kidnapping?"
    E" Nor illegally taking anyone hostage."
    "Elena is pretty."
    E" Many thanks!"
    "Well... you know what I am thinking, don't you?"
    E" Matter of fact, Elena does!"
    "***"
    E" Ana is... odd, isn't he? A classy lady so well-mannered like Elena, how can she stomach to force Ana to do such ugly things?"
    "Yes, yes and yes. That so-well-mannered-and-classy lady has just, if memory serves us all well, had her footman kick me aside. Now she's upon me and whispering in my ears."
    E" Elena just wants Ana to “explain” why Ana was bullying Azu just now."
    "I feign ignorance."
    A" Wait, what?"
    "No, make it real ignorance. You've just helped Azzurra run away, what else do you want out of me now?"
    E" I'm being a bother, my good man, but-"
    "Elena turns to the footman waiting on her."
    "Footman: Yes, M'lady. I'll send the manuscript to the press at once."
    A" Wait, no! I'll say it, okay? I'll say it."
    "I have no choice but to tell Elena all that I can. With some omissions, of course. For my own good."
    E" Ah, so it is said. So that's why you groped her."
    "She said that without a change in her expression"
    A" What groping? I was just going for the book!"
    "To be honest, I was probably overstepping limits at that point. Then again, I was only thinking about the book."
    "Do the right thing, they said. It will be good, they said."
    E" Elena thinks Ana should apologize."
    "Elena stares dagger at me. As if it were her own business. Look how the cold young lady evolved into a considerate and caring protector to her friend."
    A" Alright. Fine. I'll go apologize, alright?"
    "I have to make a concession. Then again, I was kinda sorta in the wrong."
    E" That's Elena's Ana!"
    "Elena's expression shifts instantly. There's probably less than a dozen in existence who can do what she does."
    A" And the book. You going to let Azu just... hold on to it?"
    "//Elena trố mắt 1 s"
    "//Elena chống cằm suy tư 1s"
    E" Something's the matter?"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    A" THAT'S THE CRUX OF THE MATTER! You're going to let Azzurra get away with thievery?"
    E" Who told Ana Ms. Ines was stealing?"
    A" Taking a book without paying – if that isn't stealing, it must be daylight robbery."
    "Not that I oppose teaching the Ascenderos couple a lesson or two-"
    E" What if she has already paid?"
    A" That would be good... if she had money to afford it in the first place! That's why she has to give it back."
    E" Elena said, what if the book has been paid for."
    A" Don't play me for a fool. I'm not paying, Azu isn't paying. Not gonna happen unless the bookstore owner gives her for free."
    "The chance of this happening is around zero give or take a fraction of a millionth."
    "Concerning Mr. Ascenderos, the modified chance is exactly zero."
    "I know the bloke well enough. Friendly most of the time... until money is involved."
    "Grab all the coins, spend not one."
    "Two sides of the Ascenderos equation."
    E" If Ana doesn't believe Elena, Ana can see for himself."
    "Elena waves her fan and winks."
    "Ana: Right. Then I will-…"
    "***"
    "Choice 4"
    "1.	Follow Elena to the bookstore"
    "2.	Ask Azzurra directly"
    "3.	Take Elena's words for it."
    "***"
    "Choice 4 =1"
    "//Elena.Point =+1"
    A" I'll follow you to the bookstore then."
    "Let's flip our cards then."
    E" Elena is most pleased."
    "Elena folds her fan with a smirk still on her lips. Then the four of us – footmen and all – leave the park."
    "The sun, by now, has set behind the mountains."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Ascenderos: True. I sold it."
    "So he says, when I have barely mentioned the book name. To be even more certain, he starts looking up his large black ledger. The infamous so-called “Black Book of Ascenderos”."
    E" See, Elena wasn't making it up."
    "Elena approaches with measured steps. She knows how it is going to turn out, it seems."
    "Ascenderos: That's right. I sold her this book."
    "As if on reflex, he points at the young lady as she appears."
    "What about me?"
    A" Is that... so?"
    "That's all I could say."
    "Ascenderos: Hah. Who would think such a young and well-mannered lady would spend honest-to-the-Creator coins for a book that an old man like me would bore his brain out reading?"
    "Ascenderos: It's an old book, sure, but if that's what she wants, well that's what she wants. Quite a bargain, she drives."
    "Ascenderos: But then... well, that's a lovely lady who asks-"
    "He murmurs, his face turning red as if he's just drowned in half a pipe of rare wine. Whatever he's thinking, I want no part in it."
    A" Then we'll excuse ourselves, Uncle."
    "I should be off before his wife comes back."
    "Ascenderos: Off you go then-"
    E" Thanks very much, good old sir."
    "Ascenderos: Yeah... wait, what?"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "Ascenderos: YOU CALLED ME 'YOUNG SIR' LAST TIME AROUND!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    E" Did Elena do well this time?"
    "Elena's hair brushes against my shoulder."
    "“You have my full support this time around, Elena,” I raised my thumb. The smile on Elena's lips has yet to fade."
    "So shall it be. Dirty tricks or no, the book is Azzurra's now. What a way to get between the dilemma's horns. A weight is now lifted from my heart."
    A" But then, Elena... don't spoil Azu like that next time around!"
    "“This is the last time!”, I add."
    E" What if Elena does not agree?"
    A" ..."
    "Yes, I was pretending to be all holier-than-thou. Certainly Elena knows this. Hence her response."
    A" But then... how did you even get to pay for it?"
    "The order of events were definitely messed up. Elena bought the book while it is still there, but then Azu saw the book fall – this can't have happened after Elena bought it! But then…"
    E" It's a secret!"
    "Girls and secrets. A match made in heaven."
    "I'll just stop now. Let's leave the questioning part to the other blondie waiting at home."
    E" Ana?"
    "Elena has run in front of me, cutting me short."
    E" Want to come over to Elena's place?"
    A" No. Busy."
    E" Doesn't Ana sit around doing nothing every afternoon. Elena knows."
    A" You don't. Unless you've been stalking me."
    A" In any case, I have things to do."
    E" What thing?"
    A" Dinner. Reading. Sleep."
    E" That's fine. Come have dinner with Elena."
    A" I said no, I meant no."
    "To be true to myself, if she had asked me to go somewhere else with her, I would have agreed."
    "Anywhere BUT her mansion. I'm scared off my wits just passing by the place, let alone actually venturing inside."
    E" So... Ana doesn't want this back?"
    "Elena waves about a piece of old paper covered with flowery handwriting."
    "Isn't that face she's making a little... sinister?"
    "Wait a second. I know that piece paper."
    A" Give it back!"
    "When did she take it?"
    "I turn my pockets inside out."
    "No, I'm not mistaken. That is the piece of paper Azzurra gave me just now."
    "If I am to come home without it, well, she'll throw a fit for sure!"
    E" Ana can come over to Elena's place to claim it. Elena shall be waiting."
    A" No! Give-give it back!"
    "One of the footmen quickly positions himself between me and the culprit before I can react."
    "Then the other... whistled?"
    "Then a carriage appeared out of nowhere. The ground trembles as it rolls. My ears are filled with the sound of the wheel. And the whip. And the horses neighing."
    E" So long, dear Ana."
    "Go to ChoiceOut 4"
    "***"
    "Choice 4 =2"
    A" Fine. I'll go ask Azzurra herself."
    "I still don't think it's a good choice. But then at least I can trust myself to know when Azzurra is lying."
    E" Well, if Ana wishes. But Elena thinks Ana should ask the bookstore owner himself, shouldn't he?"
    "Thank you very much. Unfortunately, fact of the matter is whenever I face good-old-Uncle Ascenderos, my head would threaten to implode upon itself."
    A" I don't think that will help matter much."
    E" Really?"
    "Elena looks a little... down?"
    E" Fair enough. Then Elena should go home, shouldn't she?"
    "Elena waves her hands. In her right hand there is an old piece of paper."
    A" And that is...?"
    E" Doesn't Ana recognize it? Here is Ana's paper!"
    A" Wait, what?"
    "I turn my pockets inside out."
    "No, I'm not mistaken. That is the piece of paper Azzurra gave me just now."
    "When and how did Elena get her mitts on it?"
    E" Ana can come over to Elena's place to claim it. Elena shall be waiting."
    A" No! Give-give it back!"
    "One of the footmen quickly positions himself between me and the culprit before I can react."
    "Then the other... whistled?"
    "Then a carriage appeared out of nowhere. The ground trembles as it rolls. My ears are filled with the sound of the wheel. And the whip. And the horses neighing."
    "Elena climbs into the carriage and stares at me. Her piercing glare chills me to the bone."
    "Go to ChoiceOut 4"
    "***"
    "Choice 4 = 3"
    A" Alright. Fine. I'll take your word for it."
    "I let out a long sigh."
    E" That's Elena's good boy."
    "Elena's face brims with confidence. I need not ask: she's certainly done something in the background."
    "I don't like it when one person after another jumps in and facilitates Azzurra's, well, wrongdoings. At all."
    "My brows furrow."
    A" I'll let it slide. This time."
    E" What if Elena keeps on with it next time?"
    A" ..."
    "Again, I'm only putting up a show. Certainly Elena knows it too. Hence, that snappy response. Again."
    "Keep calm, Anatolio. Keep calm. It's for your own good."
    "But then Elena appears to be lost in her own thoughts. Head a little bent, hand on the chin and all."
    E" Want to come over to Elena's place?"
    A" No. I'm busy"
    E" Doesn't Ana sit around doing nothing every afternoon. Elena knows."
    A" You don't. Unless you've been stalking me."
    "Speaking of which... she might be, you know. She might be."
    A" In any case, I have things to do."
    E" What thing?"
    A" Dinner. Reading. Sleep."
    E" That's fine. Come have dinner with Elena."
    A" I said no, I meant no."
    "To be true to myself, if she had asked me to go somewhere else with her, I would have agreed."
    "Anywhere BUT her mansion. I'm scared off my wits just passing by the place, let alone actually venturing inside."
    E" So... Ana doesn't want this back?"
    "Elena waves about a piece of old paper covered with flowery handwriting."
    "Isn't that face she's making a little... sinister?"
    "Wait a second. I know that piece paper."
    A" Give it back!"
    "When did she take it?"
    "I turn my pockets inside out."
    "No, I'm not mistaken. That is the piece of paper Azzurra gave me just now."
    "If I am to come home without it, well, she'll throw a fit for sure!"
    E" Ana can come over to Elena's place to claim it. Elena shall be waiting."
    A" No! Give-give it back!"
    "One of the footmen quickly positions himself between me and the culprit before I can react."
    "Then the other... whistled?"
    "Then a carriage appears out of nowhere. The ground trembles as it rolls. My ears are filled with the sound of the wheel. And the whip. And the horses neighing."
    E" So long, dear lovely Ana."
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 4"
    "Cảnh: Dinh thự De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "//NVL"
    "The De'Rovere mansion is doubtlessly the largest complex in the city, not counting churches, cathedrals and barracks."
    "It is surrounded by a vast garden, punctuated by tall oaks and fountains and statues and pillars in between the four trimmed hedges. A veritable network of marble paths winds around the many buildings and pavilions and towers within. A fence of steel bars a dozen feet tall rises above the main gate, tipped with elongated spear heads, like a row of elite guards watching over the entrance decorated with eagle reliefs."
    "The front side of the door – indeed the only place whose top isn't covered with spear tips – is etched with a huge relief of an old oak. Without even looking inside, the layer of gold gilded upon the fences alone stands testament to the wealth of the dwellers within. Beyond, well and truly, a classy thief's wildest dreams."
    "The De'Rovere household has long been the target of rumors and slanders. As is expected of a family whose history goes long back and whose stature dwarfs everyone else's. Not even counting their possessions on their home turf, almost everything in the South side of the city has their hands on them, more or less. The Central Guildhouse and the Northern Guildhouse (colloquially referred to as the Central De'Rovere and the North De'Rovere Houses) are the largest of their kind, while the two De'Rovere bridges have been the cornerstone of trade and business in the city for a long, long while."
    "They are everywhere; so it is said, so it is true. And that is not even counting their patriarch Duke Giovanni and his clout in the Church. They say the downright absurd donations he made building places of worship – a continuation of a family tradition over several generations – is merely the tip of the iceberg."
    "And Elena, well, she happens to be the only daughter of the de-facto local king. Nothing else needs to be said."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "//ADV"
    A" Here it is."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Dinh thư De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "It seems only now does she arrive home."
    "Why have I been forced to wait here like this? I should have just let the paper fly and go loiter somewhere more worth my time."
    "Obviously she is trying to play me for all I'm worth again. She was grinning on that carriage just now."
    "Speaking of the carriage. It was speeding back then – now it's just crawling along."
    "I shouldn't have come here. I really shouldn't have."
    "The horses neigh as the rein loosened. The carriage ground to a halt, and from within Elena stepped down, one step at a time."
    E" Greetings, Ana! Must have been tiring, walking all the way like that. Why doesn't Ana enter with me?"
    A" Enough is enough. Stop pretending, will you?"
    "I clear my throat and point at the piece of paper Elena still holds."
    A" Give it back."
    E" Certainly. But Ana has to enter with Elena."
    A" Why must I?"
    E" Well then, Elena will go alone. Best of luck; and Elena will be seeing Ana soon."
    "Then, shooting a glare at me, she begins stepping through the open gateway."
    "The two men are also taking measured steps through the gate. But then Elena halts her steps for a bit, shooting yet another glance at me."
    "What should I do?"
    "“Do I even have a choice in the first place?” I tell myself."
    A" Fine."
    E" Apologies, Ana. Maybe another day?"
    A" Wait, what?"
    "I see Elena looking towards the carriage appearing in the distance, from the crossroad. At that distance, you probably can't tell unless you've already known what it is. Or what it means."
    A" ..."
    E" Ana should go."
    "Looking at Elena, I can tell who is sitting within that carriage."
    "The Count de Rovere himself."
    "Even now, I am frightened of him still."
    "The last time he saw me, he looked me from top to toe with those eyes you'd see on the faces of soldiers marching to war ready to slash, burn and slaughter. Elena was there to save me that time, but then she did “get into trouble” that time. Scolded? Beaten? Or worse?"
    "If he is to find me outside his place this time... well, I'd fear for my life. That's a child's impression for you. It will haunt you until the day you're six feet under."
    A" Hey… Elena?"
    E" …"
    "Her turn to say absolutely nothing. All I can hear is the sound of metal pivots grinding. The great gate has closed before me, hiding behind it all that lies within."
    A" I should be off too."
    "Yes, that sounds about the wisest thing I can do right now."
    A" Eh?"
    "What is it this time?"
    "A paper aeroplane has just landed next to my foot."
    A" Who?"
    "It seems to have been launched from within the mansion, although the distance does require some suspension of disbelief."
    "But then, who cares?"
    "I unfolded the paper craft."
    "***"
    "There is a poem on the opposite side of the sheet."
    "“Played for a fool again,” I murmur, fold the letter and keep it on my person."
    "Just in time before the carriage's wheels rolling on cobblestone ground drowns out the cello music from the mansion next door."
    "***"
    "// 1 góc"
    ""
    "//A shrivelled, lifeless, vacant form,"
    "It lies on my abandoned breast;"
    "And mocks the heart, which yet is warm,"
    "With cold and silent rest."
    "Percy Bysshe Shelley"
    "***"
    "If Choice 4==2"
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    Az" I don't know!"
    "When I got home, Azzurra was already there. But then-"
    A" What happened to you?"
    "Her face was smudged with dust and dirt."
    Az" Not telling!"
    "There she goes. I'll bet this week's lunch money she's still mad with me."
    "This calls for a bit of trickery."
    A" Right, right. Lookie here: See what I've got right here!"
    Az" Huh?"
    "//Azzurra trố mắt"
    "//Azzurra -v-“"
    "//Azzurra miệng hình hạt đậu, chảy nước dãi, mắt như đang phê."
    "//Azzurra mắt sáng rỡ *_*, zoom in nhanh. BG xung quanh hiệu ứng tốc độ (google “velocity effect”)"
    Az" Gimme gimme gimme!"
    A" How about no?"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "//Azzurra T_T"
    "Raspberry cake with sesame. Azzurra's trademark favorite food."
    "I've been around her for long enough; if I didn't know what she fancies every time she drools in front of the bakery, well, I'd be a terrible friend."
    "But then again-"
    A" I'll ask you three questions first. No answer, no cake."
    "Azzurra //T_T//: Fire away..."
    A" Question one: Did Elena pay for your book?"
    Az" ..."
    Az" Question two?"
    A" Since when did you know each other?"
    "I was a little jealous, truth be told. Elena has never treated me so well as this one time she treats Azzurra."
    Az" Question three?"
    A" Answer all at once if you like: Why did you hide it from me? Both the book and Elena?"
    "Strange. I've never seen the two of them together..."
    Az" ..."
    Az" You're cheating!"
    A" How so?"
    Az" You said “three questions”. That's the fourth, isn't it?"
    A" Four, my dear Azzurra? That's three!"
    Az" Let me spell it out. One, “did Elena pay for me”. Two, “how Elena and I met”. Three, “why hide the thing about the book”. Four, “why hide the thing about Elena”."
    Az" That makes four!"
    A" Well... yeah. Four."
    A" But no matter. Are you going to answer me or not?"
    Az" You cheated."
    A" Well, I'm holding all the cakes here. Like I said: No answer, no cake."
    Az" ..."
    "//Azzurra cúi gằm mặt xuống"
    "//Delay 2s"
    A" Azzurra??"
    Az" ..."
    A" Hey, hey, hey. What's the deal with the silence?"
    "I start moving towards her."
    Az" …"
    "//Azzurra vẫn cúi gằm mặt"
    "//Azzurra mắt sáng rỡ, miệng chảy nước dãi. hiệu ứng velocity"
    Az" Gimme gimme gimme!!!"
    A" Argh!"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    Az" Ahaha, gotcha! It's mine now!"
    A" Now where's the femininity in snatching food like that?"
    "I've just been pushed to the ground, for your information. As for the cake... well, it's Azzurra's now. Pristine as new."
    "Azzurra (lè lưỡi): Nobody cares. Here's food, and that's good."
    "“Ah well.”"
    "I shrug. Not much I can do about that – that's why I'm a nice guy."
    "But then I do feel, well, happy. Seeing Azzurra having fun eating the cake."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    A" You mean you don't know anything about it?"
    Az" I've just told you! I don't know, that means I don't know!"
    "After sacrificing two hours and a good cake for the business, Azzurra's answer is... she has nothing to do with Elena paying for the book. As for her dirtied face, she said she tripped and fell. Certainly something behind this is fishy."
    Az" I haven't even talked to Elena before."
    "In short, “I don't know”. That's her final answer."
    A" But that is... odd. Why did Elena say she'd paid for you? Could she be lying?"
    "No, that makes little sense. Elena was full of herself. Either she is a natural born actor (which isn't extremely likely), or she was telling the truth."
    Az" Why not ask her yourself?"
    A" Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt that said “I regret my foolish decision very much”."
    Az" Then go ask the bookstore."
    "Azzurra says so as if she doesn't care one bit. I shake my head."
    A" Well... maybe that's for the best."
    "Except no."
    "If Mr. Ascenderos found the book missing, well, I don't think I'll escape with all limbs in place."
    "Whether it was Azzurra who took it or not, it is poor old me who will get all the flak"
    "If this is a trap, then I'm snared."
    "You sure you want it to happen, Azzurra?"
    Az" Going somewhere?"
    A" Go see get the bookstore owner…"
    Az" Sure, have fun!"
    A" Sure… I'll just go find him-"
    "“-in my dreams”"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bên ngoài nhà Pietro"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Then I leave Azzurra's home and back to my self-styled pig style. There's a book to finish and a sleep to get to."
    "Consider it a mystery of the world waiting to be solved."
    "The best way around it, I think, is to wait for one sunny day, dress myself up like a gentleman, then ask Elena herself."
    "That's the only way I can get a satisfactory answer."
    "“You win this time, Azu.”"
    "My murmurs does sound incredibly mean-spirited."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 1"
    "***"
    "Else If Choice 4 ==1 or Choice 4 ==3"
    "If Choice 1 == 3"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "I find myself back at home, where a nap beckons. It then takes Mom quite a few holler to rouse me enough for supper."
    "What a tiring day."
    "I swear, from now on an afternoon walk is not worth it any more. No sir."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 1"
    "***"
    "Else"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "I find myself back at home, where a nap beckons. It then takes Mom quite a few holler to rouse me enough for supper."
    "What a tiring day."
    "I swear, from now on an afternoon walk is not worth it any more. No sir."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" Anatolio."
    "Who's calling me?"
    C0" Anatolio."
    "Mom, let me sleep for a bit more. Will wake up tomorrow."
    C0" Anatolio."
    "No, no, not Mom. Clearly a man's voice, albeit a little too high."
    C0" Anatolio. Anatolio. Anatoliooooooooooooooooooooo"
    "Who the hell is it disturbing my beauty sleep?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "I turn the light on. My room is empty still and devoid of people but for me."
    C0" A-Anatolio."
    "A distinctive voice from the street below."
    "I wipe the drool off my mouth and go downstairs."
    "I'm obviously not happy – my murmurs stand testament to it."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    A" Insomnia again, Hanes?"
    "Let me introduce. Hair white as snow. Collar never folded. That's my friend Hanes in all his glory."
    H" N-nope! Why'd y-you think that?"
    A" Just a guess. So what are you looking for me for?"
    "My stuttering friend has seemingly vanished from plain sight since they admitted him into the Church's junior clergy. Now he appears again, right here. Is this some kind of bad omen or something?"
    H" N-nothing too special."
    A" Then do excuse me. Bed beckons."
    H" H-hey! W-wait up! I-I have something to dis-discuss!"
    "The Creator have mercy upon Hanes and his albino self – it has been causing him no ends of trouble since he was born. Even now when he has grown up, his snow-white hair is still a common source of grievance. It is only when Father Fredo admitted him into the clergy as an acolyte did things get a little better."
    "But then, there's the fact that he's disappeared – more or less – since then."
    H" Well, here's the-the matter. We haven't seen ea-each other for a while now, r-right?"
    A" Not like I don't remember, pal."
    H" H-here's the deal. My bi-birthday is next Sunday. S-so, well, er... you two wa-want to come over for a p-party?"
    A" Sure, sounds nice. Where?"
    H" The cathedral."
    A" Sure, no probs. We'll meet each other at the-Được thôi, vậy hẹn gặp ở nhà thờ. //delay 1s// Wait, what?"
    H" W-what's wrong?"
    A" Why hold a birthday party at the cathedral? You outta your mind?"
    H" What's wr-wrong with that? That's where m-my room is!"
    "Hanes tilts his head, as if deep in thoughts"
    "Hanes has never been the sharpest cleaver on the rack. That, and his rather lackluster exterior haven't done him much favor in making friends."
    "A far cry from your sincerely, who does enjoy a fair bit of love and attention from everyone else."
    "At least, I like to tell myself that."
    A" Is that so? Well then, that's fine. Off you go?"
    H" Eh? B-but-"
    "I don't know why – I just know I bolted the door shut behind me as if taking advantage of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Not even his “Could I have some water” plea got through my ears."
    "Just ignore him, I think. That's done and done. He can get some water back at his place."
    "As for me? As the saying goes, do not today what you can procrastinate till tomorrow. Sounds like perfect advice. I'm back to sleep."
    "What a tiring day."
    "I swear, from now on an afternoon walk is not worth it any more. No sir."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 1"
    "***"
    "Choice 1 = 2"
    "//Church =+1"
    "Cảnh: Nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "//Delay 1s"
    "Cảnh: Thánh đường"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "//SFX: Tiếng mở cửa."
    A" Do excuse me!"
    "The elegant cathedral fills my view the moment I pushed the doors open."
    "Never do they lock the doors."
    A" Father Fredo?"
    "I call into the emptiness. Standing underneath the tall ceiling makes one uneasy, however warm the gaze of the Creator is wont to be."
    "I touched the neatly aligned benches. It is as if Father Fredo has just cleaned everything from one end to the other again."
    "The cloth he uses to dust them everyday is now  spread across the foremost bench, but the man himself is nowhere in sight."
    "A careful man, suddenly leaving behind a mess. Has an emergency happened?"
    "His acolyte Hanes, too, is nowhere in sight. The whole cathedral has then turned into a huge empty cage."
    "A piece of paper was obviously left behind, informing the possible pilgrim of Father Fredo's sudden absence."
    "Becoming a high-ranking man of the cloth does entail a massive workload. Father Fredo, already seventy odd, is no exception. Wherever duty calls, there he goes. His endurance and perseverance is the subject of much admiration from the public."
    A" ..."
    "I put the piece of paper back to where it belongs."
    "Perhaps I should leave. Let's not disturb this holy place unnecessarily. Not that I had any business here anyway."
    "I pray for a bit, and then leave."
    "<DOCUMENTS RECEIVED: BG3>"
    "***"
    "Choice 1 = 3"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "The afternoon market is nearing an end. The sound of brooms fill the main street."
    "Some lost chickens, having breached their cages, now run to the main street and begin crowing."
    "Hey, hey, hey! Stop pestering me. I've got nothing. Hey! You hear me, you little... rooster?"
    C0" Anatolio!! Oi oi…Anatolio…"
    "Seems like it isn't just the chickens. Someone, too, is pestering me."
    A" Hey, hey! I don't know you, do I?"
    "That's okay, in any case. It's not that big of a bother."
    C0" What do you m-mean you don't kn-know me? It's-a me, Hanes! A-aren't you Ana-Anatolio?"
    A" Nope and nope. I'm Olionata. Anatolio's semi-half-step-cousin. Aren't you Hanes?"
    "//Hanes trố mắt 1s"
    H" Eh? I-is it? Y-you do look like Ana-Anatolio, don't you?"
    A" Do I? You know, you do  look like my old friend Henas. Like twins, you are."
    "//Hanes băn khoăn 1s"
    H" I-I am Hanes!"
    A" Then I am Olionata."
    H" E-eh? But-"
    A" Let's make it this way: If I were Anatolio, then you'd be Henas. And if I am Olionata, you are Hanes. Nice and easy."
    "//Hanes băn khoăn 1s"
    "//Hanes đổi kiểu băn khoăn thêm 1s"
    H" Oh, I-I get it! Tôi hiểu rồi! Tôi là Hanes, vậy cậu đúng không phải là Anatolio rồi. Hay quá, lại gặp anh em của Anatolio ở đây. Xin tự giới thiệu, tôi là Hanes. Rất vui được gặp bạn. Hai bạn trông rất giống nhau đấy. Ta làm bạn được chứ?"
    A" That's good to know. Everyone tells me that."
    "Well that's because I'm Anatolio."
    A" Oh. You do look like an extraordinary sort. Would be good to be friends, yes?"
    "Extraordinary, as in nobody buys what I've just said but you."
    "Right, back to the issue. That rather-comely-fellow-just-behind-me in his turtle-collared robe who just caught me bullied by them chickens is an old friend back from the day we were toddlers throwing stuff at each other. We call him Hanes – there is also the fact that the couple that raised him never bothered giving him their surname. Until today, we still refer to Hanes by his given name, both friends and strangers alike."
    H" T-that's good, Oli-lionata."
    "He takes my hand with as much joy as if he had just made a real  new friend. Misreading 'my' name, too, because stutters."
    "Yet that is not where my impression of Hanes ends. A much more impressive characteristic of this good fellow is his hair, white as platinum and his pink-red irises. Now that's some rare fares, right there. White, just like his mind: ironically pure like his own naivete."
    "On the other hand, that specialness did cause Hanes no end of problems. Everyone thought he looked... odd. Without Father Fredo's help, he'd be more or less like me: a slacker. Except his family isn't quite as well off as mine, so to speak."
    "I guess I personally owe Father Fredo a thanks. Ever since Hanes became an acolyte, he has had a place to call his own."
    "Speaking of which, it has been a long while since I last spoke to him."
    "Does it not sound right that the first meeting after such a long while I've taken to play a prank on him?"
    "What should I do?"
    "Choice 5"
    "1.	Tell him the truth"
    "2.	Play along until the very end"
    "Choice 5 = 1"
    "Between the market to the park is more than enough time to come up with the right decision."
    "I'm telling the poor guy."
    "I haven't caused any real consequence worth regretting, and Hanes might be mighty peeved, but that's better than keeping up the act. Knowing Hanes, if I don't break the charade, well, he's going to buy it until... whenever."
    A" Alright. I admit. I was joking."
    H" Eh?"
    A" I am Anatolio."
    "I sigh as Hanes stares at me like I were the oddest thing."
    H" E-eh? S-so you are-are Ana-Anatolio for real?"
    A" Sorry to disappoint. That's the truth as is."
    H" So it i-is. Ah well. I was a l-little sus-suspicious myself. Thought I've f-found a new f-friend."
    A" Sorry. Shouldn't have done that-"
    A" But hey! It's Olionata, not Otoliana!"
    H" Oh? R-Really? Ha-ha. Looks like I've dis-disappointed you yet again."
    A" That's fine. Either way, it's a made-up name."
    H" R-right. We bre-break it even then?"
    "Hanes snaps his finger. He smiles, revealing his none too regular teeth."
    A" But of course."
    "This is the part where I should feel embarrassed with myself, but then Hanes had alleviated my awkwardness for me."
    "Is it his intention, or just a coincidence? Based on what I know about the guy, the latter sounds much more likely."
    "Not that I'm looking down on him or anything. Fact of the matter is, while the lot of us are all nearing seventeen, the chance that Hanes – not exactly known for his intuitiveness in the first place – is smarter than myself is close to nil."
    A" So Hanes. How have you been doing?"
    H" Well, well! See, I've be-been helping Father Fredo out, a-all day, everyday!"
    "Hanes extends towards me the necklace bearing the holy Sign of the Creator – that Father Fredo gave him, most likely."
    A" Looks great! But I heard it's quite a piece of work, isn't it?"
    H" It is! B-but it's fun, too. At least I-I've got work to do."
    "Hanes' voice sinks lower. Unhappy memories, perhaps? Well, I'm here to fix that – with a slap on the shoulder."
    A" Hey, hey, hey, can it with the pessimism. Everyone's got their place in life."
    H" You m-might be right."
    "I sit down with Hanes on one of those benches just outside the park. To be honest, I was just encouraging him for the sake of. So far, the poor fellow have proven himself more or less bereft of comparative advantages."
    "Either way, it is unfair, being rejected everywhere simply because of his hair color."
    A" You have us, Hanes. Life's still good."
    H" T-true. Only you and Az-Azzurra still hang around with me."
    A" Hey, don't be a stranger. We're friends."
    "I slap his shoulder again, this time even harder than before. In the hope that he'd feel my strength."
    "In truth, we might be the only living things who can bear to listen to his stuttering."
    A" Alright, care to come over for dinner? My old folks will be overjoyed seeing you as well as you are."
    H" M-maybe later. I have err-errands to run. Father Fredo is waiting."
    A" Back so soon?"
    "Hanes isn't exactly at the apex of happiness right now. I feel like I should do something about it."
    "But then..."
    H" Nah. Work, work, work to do. Apo-apologies."
    "Hanes stands up, both hands tucked in the robe's pockets."
    A" Well then, Azu and I will come along to see you at the cathedral then. Be sure to prepare a treat or two for us!"
    H" No can do!"
    A" Eh? Still a miser like the good old time?"
    "Had he not reminded me, I would have totally forgotten that defining characteristic of my good old friend."
    H" That's not mis-miserly! That's thr-thrif-thrifty!"
    "//Giọt mồ hôi trên màn hình"
    "***"
    H" R-right then, I-I'm off."
    A" Well then, I'll be seeing you."
    "Then Hanes turns round and walks away... for a few steps, that is."
    A" What's the matter? Missed me?"
    H" Nope. Almost forgot: I was supp-supposed to tell you and Azz-Azzurra this, but t-the Faceless' got me t-tongue."
    H" It's my bi-birthday this Sunday. I'm in-inviting you two to the cathe-cathedral with me. Birthday party."
    A" Wait a second. Is it already your birthday?"
    H" Y-yep. I-it was not all th-that fun last year – you guys weren't t-there."
    H" That, and I-I have something to discuss."
    H" W-well then, I'm off!"
    "Then he turns around. Now he goes away for good."
    "True. Last year Azzurra and I completely forgot his birthday is a thing. Perhaps that's why he bothered to come invite me in person this time."
    "Have I been a terrible friend? Possibly – just a year after he left, I've kinda sorta eliminated him from my personal world."
    "Perhaps that is why I could only look on as he walked – no, staggered – away without a single world uttered."
    "Go to Choice 1 = 1"
    "***"
    "Choice 5 = 2"
    "Cảnh: đường cạnh công viên, có băng ghế đá"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Screw it. The deed's already done. Let no deception come to waste: I'm rather curious what he thinks about me."
    "I can spill the bean much, much later when he leaves. But until then, what prank should I play on him, hmm?"
    A" Hanes. Do you live near here?"
    H" N-no. I am l-living in the cathe-cathedral."
    A" The cathedral? Ah, so you're a priest?"
    "Playing a fool: not a bad way to ask him how he's been doing over the last two years or so."
    H" T-that's what I want, b-but for now I'm a mere aco-acolyte."
    "Hanes scratches his head, his voice raised as if embarrassed."
    A" An acolyte, is it? Must be tiring work. How long have you been there?"
    H" F-for about a year now."
    A" Right."
    H" T-tired it is. B-but it's fun, too."
    H" At least I-I've got work to do."
    "As Hanes suggests, the two of us took a seat on one of those benches outside the park. Then.."
    "… he started emptying his heart."
    H" Otonali-lia, y-you know, I'm... not exactly wel-welcomed. Most of the t-time."
    A" Even among your friends?"
    H" My fr-friends?"
    A" Like Anatolio."
    H" Oh. Ana-Anatolio, you mean? He is one of the only tw-two friends I've g-got. H-how'd you kn-know?"
    A" You've just mentioned him like a few minutes before."
    "So, Hanes, how does it feel, forgetting I exist? Tell you what, a prank's on the way with your name on it."
    H" Oh. R-right."
    "Hanes furrows his brows for a moment or so. Thinking something. Something incredibly deep and profound, perhaps? Or maybe just something ridiculous?"
    H" T-true. I have two fr-friends. Ana-Anatolio is one of t-them. He's a br-brother to me."
    "A brother, is it? Keep that in mind till the end of your life, will you?"
    H" T-the second is Azz-Azzurra. A re-really nice girl, too."
    "Well... I won't be taking your words for it on this matter."
    H" How about you, Otoli-liana? D-don't you have man-many friends?"
    "Then Hanes stares at me – catching me by surprise. What am I supposed to say now?"
    A" Eh? Me? Well... uh... matter is, my family travels around a lot. Like... a whole lot. Not good for making friends, no."
    H" Oh, is that so? W-we are on the same b-boat then."
    A" R-right! The same boat, yeah!"
    H" A-as it happens, my job k-keeps me in the cathe-cathedral most of the time. Can't find the t-time to meet up with those t-two."
    "Hanes stands up, looking up at the clouds floating about the red dusk."
    A" You can go visit them at their place, you know."
    "Hanes //mặt nghiêm túc: I cannot."
    A" Why?"
    H" …"
    "Hanes straightens up his acolyte robe. The sunset behind him looks as if it is granting him a saintly halo, cloaking him in its glory. There he stands, dusting his hair, widening his normally half-closed eyes."
    "He looks at me like a true saint preaching before the pious mass."
    H" B-because I'm l-lazy. Just like t-that."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    H" Eh…I-it's almost time to go home."
    A" Back so soon?"
    "Hey, hey! You still owe me a punch in the face. Or two. Or three!"
    H" I'm afr-afraid. I have a lot of w-work to do."
    "Then he extends his hands towards me."
    H" G-glad to get to know you, Otoliano."
    "Wait a second. Did my made-up name sound so... feminine in the first place? What is it in the first place, anyway? I've forgotten."
    "Was it Otoliano? Or Otoliana? Or Atalionto? I do remember having put the 'o' at the front, but everything following that is now beyond me."
    "Ah, never mind that."
    A" Certainly. The pleasure's all mine."
    "I answer, calmly and politely. Hanes' memory isn't especially remarkable. He isn't going to remember anything about this mess."
    H" Oh, I almost for-forgot. Would you please relay m-my in-invitation to Az-Azzurr and Ana-Anatolio?"
    A" Eh?"
    H" T-this Sunday is my b-birthday. I-I want to invite th-them to m-my party. That, a-and I have got so-something to dis-discuss with them too. Thank you v-very much!"
    "Sure. But then, hey, no free lunch and all that?"
    A" Sure. Ten silver, please."
    "Hanes //nghiêng đầu//: …………?"
    A" Courier fee!"
    "Hanes //nghiêng đầu//:……………………..?"
    "//Giọt mồ hôi trên màn hình"
    A" Fine, fine. I jest, I jest. Consider it an early birthday present, okay? They'll be told, I assure you."
    "Hanes //mừng rơn//: T-that would be good. Th-thank you, Otali-liano!"
    A" You're welcome."
    "I clasp my hands."
    H" If you're f-free, I'd be g-glad to have you along too."
    A" Eh... uh..."
    H" Well t-then, I'm off. I'll be seeing you, Anatolio."
    "Then Hanes speeds off into the sunset faster than I can react."
    A" Huh. Must be hard work, being an acolyte."
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    H" Well t-then, I'm off."
    "Cảnh: công viên"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Wait. How can I go with Anatolio when I am Anatolio?"
    "Fact of the matter is, I've missed Hanes' birthday last year."
    "While I've always think myself to be nothing but a good friend, it took me but a year out of sight to forget Hanes exists. Not even a visit paid, even."
    "And this year, well, he has to come along to urge me to his party. I'm a horrible person, ain't I?"
    "But that's not the worst thing, no. The worst part is that... I've forgotten to tell him the truth at the end of the day."
    A" Ah, screw it. What's done's done.…"
    "Maybe I'll make a confession later. Now? Time to go to the park."
    "I need a nap. Or two. Or three."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    A" This sucks…"
    "“Is our city always so boring, or is it just today?”"
    "I toss the silver coins in my hands."
    "Right. Back to the task at hand. Sleep beckons."
    "What is it I was thinking about, going to the park for, again?"
    "Go to Choice 1 = 1"
    "***"
    "Logo Game"
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 1"
    "Cảnh: Phòng sách Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    "The thin curtain sways back and forth."
    "It's a holiday. Supposedly, I should have been loitering and lazing around at home."
    "But no, no such luck for poor old Anatolio. In this heat under this sun, I'm right here along with Azzurra. Teaching her stuff. We don't have a whole lot of time, too: The lesson should conclude before dusk. Should."
    A" Today we'll be covering Entropy. Done your homework yet?"
    Az" Of course!"
    "Azzurra does a fistbump. Proud of herself, isn't she? So much so, I'm sure she's forgotten why we are here in the first place."
    "As it happened, Azzurra has been too old to attend regular classes from the start. Not that classes interested her in the first palace: she's made a habit of falling asleep in the middle of lectures of all kinds."
    "Educating her properly, then, falls upon me. Anatolio, the reluctant teacher. His class is in session three noons per week."
    "Making things worse, Azzurra isn't exactly interested in the normal fare. “Reinventing the wheels is such a waste of time,” she always says as if it were an axiom that needs no further proof."
    "I should have ignored her – but on the contrary, I don't understand why I have to use all my knowledge and talent as a patented bookworm to serve her extraordinary interests."
    "“I must cut to the chase! To discover the secrets of the world!” she declares. Which is to say, Maths, Physics and Chemistry."
    "Of course, there is a clear gap between what she likes to do and what she actually does."
    A" Then do give me the definition of Entropy."
    "Long story short, it's Physics this day. Class is in session."
    "Azzurra swiftly raises her hand. Filled with confidence, aren't ya?"
    Az" Child's play! Entropy is a term in thermodynamics!"
    A" Everybody knows that – it's at the beginning to the chapter! In greater detail please: What is Entropy?"
    Az" Entropy is a term in thermodynamics..."
    A" It is! But I said, “in greater detail please”."
    "I tap my ruler on the blue-black chalkboard. Azzurra's answer, however, seems far less rhythmic."
    Az" Um... eh... Entropy is…"
    A" Is?"
    Az" …a term in thermodynamics..."
    "//màn hình nẩy lên"
    A" Azzurra."
    Az" Eh?"
    A" I'm giving you five seconds."
    Az" To do what?"
    A" ….. (5 chấm này là 5 giây) Time's up. Miss Azzurra, you have a right of silence from this moment. Everything you say may be used as evidence against you before the Creator."
    Az" Eh?"
    A" Now tell me the truth. Did you actually read the book, or did you not?"
    Az" I did, of course, I swear! Just give me a sec, I'll remember it!	Azzurra awkwardly fidgets her intertwining fingers. Thinking of a way to talk herself out of this mess, I'm willing to bet?"
    Az" Entropy …Entropy is…"
    A" Entropy. Is. What?"
    "I emphasize every single word."
    Az" Ah, yes, got it! I'm sure of it this time."
    A" Good! Now tell me."
    "Well, so she did read the book alright."
    Az" Isn't Entropy…"
    Az" … the heat exchanged between a freshly baked loaf of bread and a cold one on top of it?"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    A" THAT'S ENTHALPY, YOU IDIOT!"
    Az" Um... aren't they the same?"
    A" Even if you haven't read the book, you really shouldn't just cut-and-paste last week's example I gave you!"
    Az" S-sorry. I... uh... fell asleep last night."
    "Azzurra's face sinks. Right. Told you so. She hasn't done her homework."
    A" Seriously. Hey, Azzurra, honest question. Are you going to study or not? If you find it boring, we can always call it quits."
    Az" Yes, yes, yes! I want to study, I really do! To learn more about the world, of course!"
    A" And why would you? You can live happily ever after without the whole mess. That, and... practically nobody cares about such... ivory-tower stuff these days."
    "True. Books like these are a dying breed. The Church took most of them – to burn or otherwise. The remaining, well, people don't care about them anymore."
    "You know how the market works: It may be good reading, but if it isn't practical no more... it will be eliminated. Slowly, but certainly."
    "In fact, if it weren't for old Mr. Ines, I would have discarded the lot, too. Like every sane person I know."
    Az" I want to study. Is that wrong? I must study, so... so I can find out more about the world with Ana."
    Az" That, and if I don't study, well... nobody will care I exist. My parents, too. They won't know I'm still here. Still alive. Still... waiting."
    "Azzurra lowers her voice, looking away for a brief moment."
    "I know. The hope of one day finding her parents – or any relative for that matter – has never truly been extinguished within her."
    "Well, they did abandon her when she was ten in front of Father Fredo's cathedral. To live or to die, they didn't care. They say that's how she became amnesiac – the shock was just too great."
    A" Azzurra… You're still... hopeful about that?"
    "All those years. I've asked myself, does there exist a miracle that will bring them back to their daughter?"
    "But that is a story for another time. I tap on the board... and start re-explaining matter all over again. Welcome to my world."
    "//CG Anatolio làm thầy giáo. Chỉ lên 1 tấm bảng xanh, trên tấm bảng viết chữ S"
    A" Alright, listen up. Entropy – also known as a measure of microscopic disorder – is symbolized with an S. That's the amount of heat transferred out of the system when matter changes state. This change is irreversible."
    "// CG Anatolio làm thầy giáo. Chỉ lên 1 tấm bảng xanh, trên tấm bảng vẽ hình bình bông cắm 1 bông hoa. Đến chữ ‘trạng thái’ của câu dưới thì chuyển thành bông hoa tàn, có những cánh hoa tách là bốn hướng."
    A" An example: look at this flower pot. When the flower wilts – it changes its state, like in this figure. The flower petals will fall all over the place, won't it?"
    A" That means them petals have always had the potential to scatter everywhere. That's “molecular disorder”. That, my friend, is entropy."
    Az" Ah, I see! Like... when I eat a crispy biscuits, the crumbs will fly everywhere, right?"
    "//Có giọt mồ hôi trên màn hình"
    A" What is it with you and food?"
    Az" Ehehe…"
    A" In short, matter always tend towards the disorderly end. Every single movement in the world increases entropy. Including what you and I are doing now."
    Az" Oh, so at some point entropy will become ridiculously huge isn't it?"
    A" That's the matter. That's the point when all matter... well, collapses."
    Az" Flowers wilt, and biscuits turn into crumbs?"
    A" In a sense. At absolute entropy... well, that's the absolute apocalypse.."
    Az" Whoa! No more food, right?"
    A" CAN YOU PLEASE STOP THINKING ABOUT FOOD?"
    Az" Nope!"
    A" W-why not?"
    Az" I haven't had lunch yet! Just listen, my tummy's roaring from the start. Isn't it normal to think about food when you're hungry? That's, like, natural!"
    "At any other time, that seemingly innocent can probably shake the heart of any guy. Especially when that guy is hungry too: blame my getting up late and skipping breakfast for the day."
    "But that is every other guy. And this is me."
    A" As if I'm not hungry? If not for what Mr. Ines told me, I wouldn't have bothered teaching you on an empty stomach!"
    A" And you don't even bother to do your homework!"
    Az" Bleh. I read, too! Except... other books."
    A" Right. So do you understand?"
    Az" So long as Ana explains!"
    A" Seriously. How're you going to manage when you don't even understand the basics?"
    A" Ah well. It's lunchtime, isn't it? Anything to eat? Mind treating me? Haven't had breakfast yet."
    A" Oh, and try to get some reading done in the meantime! I'm expecting you to actually learn something here!"
    Az" Bleh. Question please?"
    A" Shoot."
    Az" How can I cook and read at the same time?"
    A" Eh?"
    Az" How can I eat and read at the same time?"
    A" Uh..."
    Az" Listening..."
    A" ………. //mỗi chấm 1 s// Ah well. Do whatever you want."
    "<DOCUMENT RECEIVED: BH2>"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    Az" That's delicious! Want something to drink?"
    "Azzurra asks me while cleaning up the table."
    "Antolio: As per normal, please."
    "I'm not listening to her full sentence, immersed as I am in a tome titled “Principles of Balance and Moment”. Written by an anonymous scholar whose name was torn off the cover, the book nonetheless displays an indisputable understanding of the topic."
    "Maybe I'll tell Azzurra about the history of the terminology in a bit. Won't hurt to revise the subject matter."
    Az" Right."
    "Azzurra smiled, her eyes close. Telling me she understands what I'm doing."
    "I toss her another order before she vanishes behind the kitchen door."
    A" Hurry up, we have reading to get to!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ."
    "After so many years, old Mr. Ines' house has never quite changed."
    "Looking through the simple window wide ajar one could see a the house's walls whose mortar and paint have long been cracked and broken. Behind them the reddish bricks and bits of green moss are exposed."
    "Somehow that window-sill has an almost irresistible draw to little wild birds. Are they mistaking them for the tree branches of their natural environ? I just know they'd all take off whenever I approach."
    "Peering deeper inside, you can see a curtain at the back of the house, right in front of where I'm sitting. Behind it happens to be the brightest place in the whole house, flooded with sunlight. There we have a wooden table looking remarkably newer than the rest of the furniture around it."
    "A smallish picture stands behind the white flower vase. Pretty as they are, they seem like but another decoration to the fine wooden table."
    "Cảnh:  CG bàn thờ của ông Ines, chú ý tấm ảnh. Ko cần đặt nặng chi tiết tấm ảnh, tạo hiệu ứng phản chiếu ánh sáng làm mờ đi."
    "I pay all due care as I lift the picture to my eyes, trying not to disturb the delicate vase it is nestled against."
    "It is a pencil sketch upon yellowed paper. Upon it there is the silhouette of a large ranch owner sitting upon a wooden wheelchair. Grabbing his sleeve to his side is a little girl, weak and shy. I wonder, is it because he is too large or she is too small, that he can still rub the back of the girl's head so endearingly even as he's sitting on a wheelchair?"
    "His mouth missed a few teeth. Hers, a few milk teeth had already fallen off. Their smiles seem to complement each other's. That was the final touch to that fading sketch."
    "<DOCUMENT RECEIVED: BH3>"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    Az" Sorry, I'm late."
    A" No probs, you were fast enough... but then, were you or were you not stalling for time?"
    "I put the picture back to where it belongs, and sit back at the table."
    "Azzurra put the two teacups on the tea table next to us."
    Az" No no no no no!"
    "While my thoughts have severed me from the flow of time, the clock enjoys no such luxury."
    A" So what were you doing in the kitchen?"
    Az" Making that special drink for a “certain someone”"
    A" Really?"
    Az" Give it a try."
    "As we speak, Azzurra and I lift our cups to our lips."
    A" It's... delicious!"
    "Yes, the taste of a time long past is now right here on the tip of my tongue."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    "//Đổi nhạc nền"
    "I'm sitting with Azzurra in the living room. Blowing my tea, sipping my tea. It is as if this taste has never faded with time."
    "Until five years ago, I had always come to this place whenever Mr. Ines invited me to. He was the one who introduced me to this bitter drink few people bother with."
    "The tavern, as they say, never rests. Grown-ups in our place like to njoy a glass of Classico or Riserva over lunch or dinner. Sometimes they hang out, some other times find a dance mate, some other other times they'd gossip. There, too, are those who simply are there for a break after a long day."
    "“The smell of old wine is like the spice of life, the greatest of all joys and the scent of all of man's hopes and dreams”. So says my father whenever he opens a bottle in the cellar and pour himself a glass."
    "On the contrary, far and away from that thick alcoholic fume, you have that old man, to whom it was that bitter and most extraordinary drink that was the soul of all things."
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Quá khứ"
    "Tiziano: I make it myself, I drink it myself. From alpha to omega, each step has its own little enjoyment. Don't you see, m'boy??"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    "The smell of tea carried along with the white steam, filling the room. Warm and cozy."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng – Quá khứ"
    "//Ngôi thứ 3"
    A" Gramps, what is this... thing?"
    "The pale green liquid at the tip of the boy's tongue, bitter and terrible, caused him to scream out at once."
    "He was remarkably courageous to begin with, daring to taste this “monster's boogey”, as the kids on the block called it. Well, it wasn't like he wanted to: they dared him!"
    "In any case, as many adults had given up on this thing, so would he."
    "But he stayed. For what? He didn't know, and he didn't care to know."
    "Tiziano: This is the fruit of my youth's toils and troubles."
    "The old man pointed to the backyard with an enthusiastic smile on his lips. Ever since he gave up on his ranch, his free time had been mostly devoted to those little leaves. They called him mad – he did what he liked, without caring what others would think about him. Madder still, he thought the beverage brewed from those leaves some kind of exquisite drink and advertised them as such."
    "At first people bothered – part out of respect, part out of curiosity. It took the folks mere days – no thanks to some ill-mannered rumors – to name the stuff “pig's urine”."
    A" What about that shrub, gramps?"
    "Old Mr. Ines only smiled. Even though they were long-time neighbors, he had never bothered thinking about the plant's name."
    A" Think you I grow them just for fun?"
    "The boy hurried over to the small plant just as high as he was tall, bushy and leafy. The leaves were flat and streamlined, with edges like the teeth of a cogwheel. Out of curiosity, he touched one of them – they were as rough as sandpaper. The leaf's scent lingered on, on his fingertips."
    A" Ah, that scent! Why is it so much like the leaves of that last time?"
    "The leaves he spoke of, of course, were the yellowed ones he saw in the rubbish bin a few days before."
    "Tiziano: But of course. That's the same leaf."
    A" Urgh… I was drinking.. stuff... made from that... thing?"
    "Tiziano: And what is so wrong with that, m'boy?"
    "“Don't touch! They're full of worms.”"
    "Wasn't that what the old man himself told the boy?"
    A" Oh no. I'm done for."
    "Tiziano: Haha… No, I was kidding then. No worms or bugs here."
    A" You sure, gramps?"
    "The boy puffed his cheeks, looking at the old man with the most annoyed eyes he could muster. Perhaps he was truly angry, too, as a few muffled sounds escaped his lips. He folded his legs on the chair, looking away from the old neighbor."
    "Tiziano: Well, how does it feel?"
    A" I'm not sure... It was... sweet?"
    "Tiziano: Well, try it again."
    A" …"
    "The boy hesitated."
    "Tiziano: How about I show you how it's done?"
    "The old man chugged the drink"
    "Tiziano: Hah..."
    "… and smiled contentedly."
    "Tiziano: See? It's quite nice, I tell you."
    A" Um..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "It took me a weeks – several, actually – to dare to come back to his place."
    "Even Elena burst out laughing when I told her of my predicament."
    "How on Earth did I finally get used to that drink?"
    "I just know I did."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    A" Right. Back to work."
    "I put the cup down after the last sip."
    Az" But I haven't had time to read!"
    "Azzurra frowns like a grumpy cat. Stalling for time again, my dear Azzurra?"
    A" It's getting late. We still have loads to do. Physics... then comes Chemistry, too. All of that before dusk. You don't get that done, no dinner for you."
    Az" Whoa! That's too much! Ana will have to skip dinner with me!"
    "Azzurra looks like she is about to rip out her hair."
    A" Not gonna happen. I eat, you watch. That's the punishment for the lazy student under my watch."
    Az" S-so mean..."
    A" ………………………"
    A" WHAT ARE YOU SITTING THERE FOR? BACK TO WORK!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng – Quá khứ"
    A" Gramps, why are there three cups on the table today?"
    "The tea tray on the table did surprise me."
    "Tiziano: Well, make a guess."
    A" I know! I claim dibs on two cups!"
    "Tiziano: You greedy boy. Try again and stop joking around!"
    "Mr. Ines elbowed me on the side. No matter how much I'd grown, he said, I'd always be a mere boy in his presence. In a sense I agree."
    A" I'm not joking! Isn't this your work-of-a-lifetime? If you've got the generosity, gramps, I'll have the tummy for it!"
    "I winked and snickered."
    "Tiziano: You and your tongue, m'boy. Your illness ain't holding your humor back, is it?"
    A" So you say, gramps. This tea can make anyone happy."
    A" But hey, gramps, do can it with the shoulder slapping and elbowing. It hurts, you know."
    "Tiziano: Haha!"
    A" Haha!"
    "The two of us burst out laughing. Mr. Ines said he rarely had such a hearty laugh. Especially throughout the time I was sick: he was alone with the four walls and his books. Must have been lonely. I was glad to be of service."
    A" Well, I was joking, gramps. I'm guessing you have a guest?"
    "I stirred the teacup. The wet leaves spun like dancing silk."
    "Tiziano: What made you think that?"
    A" I need only see the pair of slippers out there!"
    "I made a cold face as if I'd already known."
    "Tiziano: Ah, ah, ah. Now here's a smart one. Trying to keep me guessing, eh? That's not good for me blood pressure."
    A" Nah, gramps. Your health's still awesome! What harm's a bit of high blood pressure going to do?"
    "Tiziano: At this age, who knows, m'boy. I could be dead come the morrow."
    "Mr. Ines said with a pessimistic voice. He coughed and spat on his handkerchief. I quickly passed him his teacup."
    A" That's the most tasteless joke of the day, gramps!"
    "Old Mr. Ines stood still for a second, staring at me with a healthy dose of surprise. Then he broke a smile, tapping on his belly."
    "Tiziano: Well, I concur. Point taken."
    A" By the way, gramps, who's the guest?"
    "Looking at the slipper I guessed it must be a girl. But then I hadn't quite seen her either. Could it be that she was upstairs?"
    "Tiziano: Oh yes. She's upstairs. I'll call her down."
    "Told you so. I rarely ever made a wrong guess."
    "Tiziano: Oh, and by the way. Doesn't she know you?"
    A" Know... me?"
    "Mr. Ines turned around just as the wheels had turned full circle. He nodded."
    "Tiziano: Yep. So I feel. If that's the case, maybe we can spare ourselves the lengthy introduction! Hahaha."
    "Tiziano: Come down here!"
    "Mr.Ines shouted at the staircase. It had been a while since he could actually climb so easily."
    "Then came the sounds of gentle footsteps on the wooden staircase. I could hear that footstep from when it was still above me – but it was too small then, for me to have a real feel."
    "I should have gone upstairs to call her rather than Mr. Ines. But then, I felt it would have been rude to do so."
    A" Huh…"
    "The moment the footsteps upon the wooden planks ceased, that silhouette began to emerge from behind then thin curtain. The light shining upon it revealed to me each and every feature of a girl my age, petite and possessing long, flowing hair. I couldn't see her hands, yet the way her tiny feet moved underneath her skirt as she walked revealed all the elegance about her that I needed to know."
    C0" …"
    "Were her cheeks burning red, when she finally came out from behind the curtain? Her hair was like a soft golden cloth let free as the curtain brushed upon it, yet firmly wrapped to the crown of her head. Yes, golden it was and not pale, and far longer than my mother's, gathered and tied behind her but for a few strands let free, and the mass that hung before her deep indigo eyes. A pity it was, that the bags underneath her eyes had yet to fully fade, as if a weigh hanging upon her cheeks, under which rested her strawberry-tinted lips."
    "I didn't know when my spoon fell – only when it clattered on the floor did a startled me start looking at the ground. There it lay flat, on its handle a wet tea leaf from the cup was stuck."
    C0" Teehee!"
    "She pulled her hand to her lips, hiding an awkward smile. So too did old Ines laugh out loud. He pulled out yet another chair, hidden underneath the table."
    "Tiziano: You two, do take a seat."
    C0" Y-yes."
    "Her voice was sweet but terribly low – repressed, perhaps? She was smiling then, but now filled with melancholy. Staring at the dark shade under her eyes, I could see reddened vessels, much more so than in the eyes of sniveling kids in the neighborhood."
    "She was there, drinking her tea, probably filled with heavy thoughts. That was why I decided I should talk to her. I might be rude, yes, but at the bottom of my heart I couldn't wait to make friends with such a lovely girl like her."
    "I pulled the tablecloth and gathered it in my hand, wiping my palms, cleansing the bits of dirt on my finger since the morning. I tried not to let her see me doing so."
    "After readying myself over and over did I extend my hand towards her – embarrassment and all. My hand, too, shook, as if also taken aback by her appearance."
    A" I heard you're Mr. Ines' guest?"
    C0" Eh?"
    "She widened her eyes, staring at me. It was as if she hadn't noticed I existed until just now. She stands up – so suddenly, in fact, that her chair was knocked sideways in one swoop."
    "As usual, I extended my hand towards her and helped her up. Her hands were... callused, a sharp contrast to her lovely exterior, but that goes perfectly with her simple dress style."
    A" Hello! My name is Anatolio. Nice to meet you!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Phòng sách Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    A" Alright, we'll call it a day here."
    "In the end, after a long digression into classical mechanics, the physics lesson of ours has gone on for four hours. When we finally realize the golden afternoon sunlight through the window, well, what's done is done."
    "Azzurra glances at me with a hearty laughter. In her hands there is a Legend of Meyr volume, concealed under the table all along. I sigh... and conk her over the head with the book."
    Az" Owie! Ouch!"
    A" With that kind of attitude, when are you going to find the truth behind the world? Keep up with that, and I'll call it quit!"
    "Sometimes, I feel like a silly old man, next to the young student who defies all attempts to tame her, that is Azzurra."
    Az" I know, okay? I know. Ugly Ana."
    A" Don't talk back!"
    "//màn hình nảy lên"
    "Azzurra //ôm đầu//: Argh! It hurts!"
    A" Don't forget, as long as you're here and I'm here, I'm still your teacher!"
    "But I'll let it slide. You win some, you lose some."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng sách nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    A" Got it. Let's pack up and get ready. I'll go home and get my things."
    Az" Where are we going?"
    "Azzurra asks me, dropping whatever she's arranging on the table."
    A" Go get the water sample, that's what!"
    "I've asked Azzurra to come with me to the river bank at five in the afternoon. The research we are doing is on the composition of the river water."
    "They say that the Jove, Lucina and Astraea originate from three separate points on the Vitus range. Whether this results in any actual difference between the three rivers' water, that is the question."
    "To be absolutely honest, this wasn't my idea. To be more exact, all of this; all of it, begins from that one time I sneaked into Mr. Ines' room and read his diary."
    "The man was a scholar back in the day. His ideas speak for themselves: he measured the water velocity of the three rivers where they meet Lake Meyr. With a colossal mass of formulae and calculation, he came to the conclusion that the lake cannot take in all that water without forming a whirlpool or three. Thus, the lake has to be much, much larger than it seems. Perhaps even as large as the world itself!"
    "This, of course, leads to another corollary: Since all that water can't really evaporate through the bottleneck that is Lake Meyr's surface, this hypothetical underground reservoir has to be connected to the origin of the three rivers according to a law on conservation of water or somesuch. One way, or another."
    "Even more unbelievably, he also drew up a “model” of the world, like so:"
    "CG: mô hình thế giới."
    "According to this model, the three continents as we know it act as three massive corks that covers most of the underground Lake Meyr. The weight of the landmass, in turn, forces the water from the underground lake back to the top of the Vitus range... where they flow back down all over again. This model, he coined it, “the fish's tank”."
    "It makes a little sense, but not much. But it's the best shot we have."
    "If his reasoning is correct, the water within the three rivers will be identical, and absolutely the same as the lake's water. It's only a necessary condition for the mass of formulae right after, but being a necessary condition, if it is not true, then we can write off all of them formulae as bogus. I wanted to skip this step, but then Azzurra was adamant we do it first."
    "<DOCUMENT RECEIVED: DI1>"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng khách nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" So? Remember it yet?"
    Az" Yeah. But then... do you really need me with this?"
    A" Of course I do! Tell you what, I've calculated everything we need to do. If we succeed today, we can start working on step two.."
    Az" What about step two? You know what you're doing, right?"
    A" Of course I do! Mr. Ines might have been stumped, but to me, this is child's play!"
    A" Sure, we can't go into the water... but we can send an 'agent' to do our bidding."
    A" Here's the plan: I'll toss a ball of wax containing a pouch of poison hemlock into the river. After a few hours the wax will melt, and if everyone drinking from the three rivers are poisoned, then it's obvious the three rivers are linked. Mission accomplished, time to move on to the next."
    A" That's the thing: If everyone's poisoned as per the plan, I'll announce the discovery. And, well, become famous for discovering yet another secret of the world! Chillingly exciting, no?"
    "Don't look at me like that. I'm not that mad yet. But then I am having some trouble keeping Azzurra convinced of my not-so-apparent sanity."
    Az" Anatolio... you... your face is so scary!"
    "I told you so?"
    A" Ahem. Anyway, I've told you my secret. You can't avoid it any more, Azzurra. Go with me!"
    "Azzurra //lêu lêu//: No and no! I'll n-e-v-e-r do that kind of evil  thing!"
    A" What evil? A little sacrifice for the sake of science is one honorable cause!"
    Az" I'll tell the Church to get you!"
    A" If you do so we aren't friends any more!"
    "Azzurra //lêu lêu//: Bleh bleh. I'd rather not hang out with you any more than let you do such an evil thing!"
    A" Why you…!"
    C0" W-who is planning to do evil?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng khách nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    H" W-who is planning to do evil?"
    A" Hanes? W-when did you come around?"
    H" Just-just now. W-well this house hasn't ch-changed, has it? But then.. w-what are you two planning?"
    "Hanes, as is his wont, stepped into the place without the slightest bit of hesitation or embarrassment."
    Az" Ah! Hanes… Do listen! Anatolio, he's – Urm – Urgh – et - me - go!"
    "Sorry, Azzurra. I truly have no choice but to gag you."
    "The very reason I picked the evening to discuss this business is to not let the Church know I'm dabbling in some forbidden experiments. Evening, the road less travelled, that sort of things."
    "You see, this is a matter directly linked to my very existence! I can't have Azzurra messing it up, being silly or no."
    H" W-what's the matter?"
    Az" Urgh-urm-"
    "Azzurra doesn't stop struggling. Even harder, when Hanes starts looking at her."
    A" N-nothing! Nothing at all! Azzurra, well... just got just a wee nosebleed! Nothing serious, not at all!"
    H" Oh! N-nosebleed can be d-dangerous! You alright, A-Azzurra?"
    Az" Uhmm-urm-"
    A" I think I'll need to go grab some cotton wool with her."
    H" Sure! I'll-ll be waiting right here!"
    "I murmur expletives under my nose even as I pull my good old troublemaker along with me."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng khách nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "I have had to have... a few choice words with Azzurra, before dragging her back out. Now she stands all silent and quiet."
    "Makes things simpler in a way."
    A" So what's the occasion again?"
    H" Eh? A-aren't you prepared?"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    A" Uh... eh? Prepared, for what?"
    "Hanes' sudden question has caught me in a vise. Has he been aware of something he shouldn't have? Or did he manage to eavesdrop on us? No, no, no, no, I was joking! Don't arrest me just like that! Please?"
    H" W-why are you s-sweating, Anatolio?"
    A" Eh? Uh… Not sure I get you."
    H" Mmm. H-haven't I told you today is my b-birthday? I've t-told you before!"
    "Hanes' hands are at his hip. He sighs profusely."
    A" Wait, what? Today?"
    "I glance at Azzurra. She nods embarrassedly."
    H" H-how frustrating. I've come over t-twice just to invite! And n-now again!"
    "Yep, his skin's getting thicker all right!"
    "But then, I did forget the matter twice. Why is it that I've always forgotten his birthday? I might have had an excuse had it been like a year since the last time I was reminded. Not if it is a few days before."
    "Somehow the experiment in my mind managed to overshadow all of that."
    H" You alright? B-busy?"
    A" No, no, no! I mean no! I have lotsa time to burn! Hold on a sec, I'm just coming along. Changing clothes and all that."
    A" Azzurra, you too. Get ready!"
    "Azzurra//đỏ mặt//: But-"
    A" What but? Don't tell me you don't want to go!"
    "Azzurra//đỏ mặt//: But I need to take a bath!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian:Tối"
    "Anatolio and Azzurra: Happy birthday to Hanes!"
    H" T-thanks you two."
    ""
    "First, Azzurra lent Hanes a hand cleaning up the place while I went shopping for a cake. Meanwhile, Hanes was running all over the place taking care of nameless little tidbits. Only just now did he finish it all: he ran out, wiping his sweats. Sitting next to him, I can hear his excited breaths."
    A" Present time! Here's mine."
    Az" And this is mine!"
    H" Th-thanks a bunch!"
    "Hanes grabs the presents. Look at him: That happy face of his looks just like a girl's. I don't know where Azzurra got her gift from. On my part, I grabbed the closest book from the collection that has outlived its usefulness."
    H" Actually... i-it's only because Father Fredo's ab-absent that we get to have a p-party like this."
    Az" Eh? Does that mean normally the place's off limit?"
    H" I d-dunno. B-but you know Father Fredo. I-if we get the benches d-dirty, he'll sc-scold us for sure."
    H" I'll l-let you guys kn-know, every-everyday he has to clean the b-benches thrice. First thing in the m-morning, before the af-afternoon nap, and once b-before bed!"
    A" Why so many times?"
    H" I-I don't know! M-maybe it's his hob-hobby? Y-you know, Father's... a lot more stub-stubborn than he looks."
    Az" That's not a nice thing to say, Hanes!"
    "Azzurra knocks on our shoulders."
    H" Oh! S-sorry!"
    "Hanes certainly didn't see Azzurra's complaint coming. No sir."
    A" Aaaanyway, let's cut this cake open!"
    H" C-certainly! H-Heyaaah!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    ""
    "The party finally grinds to an end."
    "Hanes' fried chicken plate now has nothing in it but bones. I don't much care where he got the money from. What I do care about, however, is that we have to clean up the mess before Father Fredo comes back – which is to say, any minute now."
    "It is only when all of that has been dealt with that we finally roll on the ground, huffing and puffing out of our ears."
    H" H-hey Ana-Anatolio."
    A" Eh? What? More food? No no no no no!"
    "Don't blame me for rudeness. I'm not sure if I'm capable of full sentences right now any more."
    H" No, no! I've got some-something to discuss."
    "Both Hanes and I spring up. The serious look on Hanes' face does appear terribly amusing to me."
    H" The t-two of you... are you g-guys planning some kind of exp-experiment?"
    A" No no no no! Who told you that?"
    "As if on reflex, a stream of denial escaped my throat."
    "Right. This is not funny any more."
    H" Don't l-lie to me. I... I know w-what you guys are up to."
    "… apparently Hanes has not only eavesdropped on our last discussion, but also been... stalking us? For a while now."
    H" I kn-know you want to learn more ab-about the world. It's... it's a wonder-wonderful thing!"
    "I very discreetly tap on Azzurra's shoulder – the girl's fallen asleep on the floor!"
    "Well, she wakes up all right... rubbing her eyes and yawning, until I pinch her on the back."
    A" What. Do. You. Want?"
    "Is he going to tell the Church about our secret?"
    "I'm sure Azzurra doesn't understand the weight of the issue. Still, she's visibly anxious, too."
    "Hanes //chảy mồ hôi//: A-Anatolio, uh... what's with the t-tension? You two look sc-scary!"
    H" I just... just w-want to join you folks! T-that's all!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    H" I just... w-want to join you folks!"
    "	So Hanes speaks of the matter as if it were nothing. Right before our surprised ears."
    A" Um... hey, tell me my ear's not working right, but you said, you want to join us."
    H" Of c-course I do! It's r-really awe-awesome!"
    A" It is NOT a game! We're serious researchers!"
    H" B-but there isn't a reason that it c-can't be fun! Like... you were planning to test s-some water, right? I-interesting stuff, really!"
    "I think I should explain to him in greater detail, but then I realize it simply isn't going to work with him"
    "To be clearer, it doesn't matter if Hanes understand or doesn't understand what I'm doing. What does matter is that someone like him is just going to slow me down."
    "That's not to mention he's an acolyte of the Church. That's not a risk I'm going to take myself."
    "I look towards the young lady at my side. Azzurra, help me!"
    A" What say you, Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra ..."
    Az" I see nothing wrong with that. The more the merrier, right?"
    "Just like her to think nothing of the consequences. Or is it because she's too busy yawning?"
    H" T-thanks, Azzu-Azzurra."
    Az" You're welcome. Y-yawn. Nighty-night!"
    H" Sl-sleep tight, Azzurra."
    "Not the time or place, you guys!"
    "Two out of three in favor. I'm the minority here. But I'm not going to give up just yet!"
    A" Right. Hanes? I'll let you into the group... on one condition. You have to win this game with me."
    H" Eh?"
    A" Just an easy game. Like, you know... an entrance exam. Alright?"
    H" R-right. F-fine, I'll have a go."
    "Except you aren't going to make it on my watch!"
    A" Right. Put a silver coin on the ground, please. Azzurra, do get me two glasses of water."
    Az" Eh? Me again? I'm sleepy!"
    A" You going to get it or not?"
    Az" Right, right, going, going. Lazy Ana."
    "With a barely audible murmur, Azzurra places the two glasses on the table. Then she retreats to her bench, props her cheeks, and continues to murmur."
    A" Right. Put the silver on the ground. Now close your fist and hold it straight forward."
    H" L-like so?"
    "As he speaks, Hanes does exactly what he's told: arms parallel to the ground."
    A" Now here's a game of balance. These glasses go to the back of your hands. Now keep them standing as long as you can! If they fall, you lose. That, and oh, Father Fredo might have a few choice words, too."
    H" Alright. N-not so hard. And then?"
    "His half-closed eyes peer at me. Hanes is making every effort to keep the glasses standing. They fall, he's in big, big trouble."
    A" In the meantime…"
    A" In the meantime, so long, and thanks for the silver coin. Azzurra, let's go catch some shuteye."
    "While Hanes is still blank-faced, I pick up the silver coin on the ground right before his eyes. Tossing the coin up and down, I turn back towards him."
    A" Hey, hey, do keep the glasses up as long as you can. Failing that, I'm not letting you in!"
    "I walk off, laughing. Not exactly a noble way out, but then maybe even Hanes would know it's too hard for him. Consider it an alternative way to say “no can do”."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    Az" I'm not going!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" I-am-not-going. Not unless you let Hanes join us!"
    "Azzurra stands there, folding her arms and staring at me. Her eyes narrow, biting her lips, not moving an inch."
    A" … hello? You do know what you're saying, right?"
    Az" Of course I do! I said, you have to let Hanes join us!"
    "Then Azzurra picks up the two glasses and puts them back on the table."
    A" …"
    "Why did she bring this upon me? I'm just about to get away with it too!"
    "I sigh."
    "If I let Hanes join in, that means another load to keep an eye on apart from Azzurra."
    "If I don't, then Azzurra might very well stop hanging around with me. She does look like she's going to do it for real."
    "What is a budding scientist supposed to do?"
    "Choice 6"
    "1.	Let Hanes in"
    "2.	Do not let Hanes in"
    "3.	Do not let Hanes in"
    "***"
    "Choice 6 = 1"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" Fine. But on one condition."
    Az" What condition?"
    "Nice. Now Azzurra's speaking on Hanes' behalf, too."
    A" You two have to do whatever I tell you."
    Az" Fine."
    H" I a-agree! As l-long as you let me j-join, I'll do wh-whatever you say!"
    H" In j-just a bit I'll g-get to do sc-science too! I'll be f-famous, they'll k-know who I am! I'll become as r-respected as Father! T-they won't laugh at my h-hair any-any more! Isn't that great, Azzu-Azzurra?"
    A" Don't let it get to your head! I'm making no promise! Don't you dare regret it later!"
    "Hanes và Azzurra: Sure, sure, suuuure!"
    "Looking at Hanes overjoyed like that... well, maybe I'm the one who's regretting."
    "You know the saying. Let it go."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6"
    "***"
    "Choice 6 =2,3"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" No means no. Rules are rules."
    "After a while thinking matters over, I still can't convince myself how letting the city idiot into the group can be remotely helpful to our cause. At least, if Hanes has some kind of potential, I'm not seeing it."
    Az" Then you're no longer my friend!"
    "Well, there's that “consideration” too. Except it's less that and more “duress”. Azzurra's the reason that makes things much less black and white than I'd like in cases like this."
    A" Do you have to put it that way?"
    Az" Yes, I have! The more the better, right? If Hanes joins, we'll have other benefits too!"
    A" What benefit? Tell me and I may reconsider."
    Az" You said it!"
    A" You have my word, m'lady."
    "Methinks Azzurra has nothing. Just like every other time. Hence my declaration, loud and clear."
    Az" Look: Hanes is a man of the Church, right?"
    A" Right you are."
    "Yet another reason I have to be cautious about him."
    Az" Doesn't that make it easier to conceal our work with him around?"
    A" Why so? Are you crazy?"
    Az" Anatolio's the crazy one. Know that saying, “The most dangerous place is the most dangerous place?”"
    A" Now who the hell came up with that?"
    "Azzurra //sprite thông thái//: Well, with Hanes working for us, we'll have information on the Church from the horse's mouth itself, like if they're suddenly out looking for books to burn or something. Even if they do find out about us, we've got a friend in the high place. He'll help us go to the outskirts more easily, get water samples... even to the far North if need be!"
    Az" You know... things are really tense of late. Isn't it better to have some friends to help us out?"
    H" Uh... actually I don't kn-know all that much about- OUCH!"
    "Hanes was obviously trying to say something when he yelps. Then his mouth seals up as he rubs his backside. Looks like it hurts. A lot."
    A" Hmm. That... does make some sense."
    "True. Azzurra's logic is quite persuasive. Have I been a little too pessimistic about Hanes' prospects?"
    "Well then. Should I let him in, this time around?"
    "Choice 6.2"
    "1.	Let Hanes in"
    "2.	Let Hanes in"
    "3.	Do not let Hanes in"
    "Choice 6.2 =1,2"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" Fair enough."
    "Looking at Azzurra's burning eyes – as if she's just a bout to tie me to a pyre and burn me alive – I guess I have no other choice."
    H" Awesome! Awe-awesome! I-I get to h-hang around with you g-guys again!"
    "Hanes jumps up and down. It's always been this easy to get him excited."
    "Of course, I, being the first of my kind in handsomeness and intelligence, will have ways to deal with that. With or without Azzurra supporting the fellow."
    A" But only on two conditions.."
    H" Eh?"
    "Hanes jumps with a start while Azzurra widens her eyes at me."
    A" First off, You two have to do whatever I tell you."
    Az" Sure."
    H" As l-long as you let m-me join, I'll do what-whatever!"
    A" Good."
    A" And second... you are-not-here-to-play-science."
    "Azzurra và Hanes: Eeeeeh?"
    A" Well? Can you do it?"
    Az" Uh..."
    H" Uh..."
    "Looking at their... well, blank, face, I can't help but wonder. Am I overdoing it?"
    "No. No I'm not. There has to be discipline on my watch, otherwise we aren't getting anywhere."
    H" I agree! It's f-fine! So long as I g-get to work with you tw-two!"
    A" And thirdly. No. Stuttering."
    H" Eh?"
    H" Th-this is a-a little... uh..."
    "Shouldn't I have thought of this first thing in the evening? Not like Hanes can handle this condition..."
    "But then I glance at Azzurra's sullen face. Not a reminder I want to see at this point, of how insensitive I was back then, when we were younger, when playing with Hanes."
    A" I jest, I jest. Don't mind me. You're good."
    "I tap Hanes on the shoulder."
    H" Y-you were je-jesting... but..."
    "Then Hanes slams on the table."
    H" E-even if you mean-mean it! I'll ac-accept it! S-so long as I get to d-do science, get to be f-famous, get k-known, get the respect I d-deserve like Father F-Fredo, I'll no longer be looked d-down upon! I'll f-fix my tongue, if needs b-be!"
    "So that is your real reason, Hanes? I'm not sure if I should be moved... or regret letting you in."
    A" Fair enough. We begin next week. Oh, and I'm making no promises! Do your work, and don't daydream!"
    Az" Fine, fine, fine! We know already!"
    "Azzurra yawns. Almost falling off the bench, actually."
    "You know what they say about this? Let it go and all that jazz?"
    "Yeah, Imma gonna do just that."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.2 = 3"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "Nope."
    "They still can't persuade me. Not in this case, no. While Hanes might not be a time bomb waiting to go off, he still doesn't seem like someone who will bring about major benefits to this here company."
    A" Any other reason you can think of? Like, say, Hanes may be able to share some books with us? Well, can you, Hanes?"
    "The hardest condition I can think of, at this point."
    Az" This…"
    H" W-well, I can do it! I reg-regularly go all kinds of places! I ca-can help you guys!"
    H" P-please, I beg y-you, let me join!"
    "I don't think I can bear Hanes degrading himself further. I have no more objection, not at this point, no."
    "Azu, too, looks like she will devour me alive if she hears a single “no”."
    "Still... there's that nagging at the back of my mind."
    "What should I do now?"
    "Choice 6.2.1"
    "1.	Let Hanes in"
    "2.	Let Hanes in"
    "3.	Let Hanes in"
    "Choice 6.2.1 = 1,2,3"
    "Goto Choice 6.2 =1,2"
    "oOo"
    "ChoiceOut 6"
    "Cảnh: trước cửa nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    H" Y-you should have l-let me see you home."
    A" Thanks, but no thanks. This here's far enough. Let me be the only one sworn to carry the burden of our lady friend's weight."
    H" Haha. M-makes sense."
    "Here's what happened. Just after a round of applause and celebration, Azzurra, being who she is, kind of fell unconscious. Asleep. She scared us for all of five seconds, until we realize she was simply nodding off. Without that, well, I might have carted her to the nearest clinic."
    "But then, well, not all's well for good old Anatolio. As it happens, it's up to me to carry her. Forty-something kilos isn't much, but carrying that weight over that distance between the cathedral and our neighborhood kind of is."
    "After waving Hanes goodbye, I hear the church bell strike eleven in the evening. I quietly thank the Creator that I've remembered to tell them beforehands where I was going. If not..."
    H" Do r-remember our business!"
    "File that under 'Hanes being Hanes' for me, please."
    A" Right, right, right."
    "I shout, not even turning back."
    "What business, you ask?"
    "Seems like I have been talked into a meeting at the church with Hanes about the group's future experiments in his room. I can't say I'm terribly thrilled, but then, well, what's done is done."
    "Hanes is taking this extremely seriously. Should I do something to prepare for this meeting?"
    "Or not. I swear my joints are threatening to fall off their sockets."
    "oOo"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "The second De'Rovere bridge across the Iovis is the most practical (and to us, the only) thing connecting the cathedral and the rest of the city. From one side of the bridge, you can see the splendid light from the first bridge of that name, leading to the northern landmass."
    "So there stand the bridges, three in total, like a triangle across the three rivers connecting the three landmasses. That is a kind of symbol of this good city of ours, and a good successor as any to the Crooked Geezer of old."
    "I was wondering, if we are to look at them from the bird's eye, what would they look like? A perfect equilateral triangle, or just an ugly mess? Well, if I could, I'd like to do that one day."
    "Maybe, just maybe, Mr. Ines' notes have something in them I can use to make a pair of wings or something."
    Az" Yaaaawn..."
    "The girl perched on my back have apparently awakened. She rubs her eyes, sounding groggy still."
    A" Sleeping princess' awaken?"
    Az" Uhhh... But I wanna... go back to sleep. What a warm pillow... zzzz..."
    "Yes, there she goes again. My back's not a pillow, for your information."
    "Or is she actually asleep?"
    Az" Hey Ana..."
    "Azzurra whispers into my ears."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" I... was dreaming."
    Az" I was dreaming about a golden field of sand. An endless field, with no destination in sight."
    Az" I was going and going and going, aiming for the horizon... and it remains far and away from my reach."
    A" …"
    Az" Hey, Ana."
    Az" What do you think there is in that desert?"
    A" Is there anything but sand in a desert?"
    Az" Eh... no. I... I saw my mother there."
    Az" I know, right? Wherever I go, my mother follows. Taking care of me, a little at a time. That's what I... feel, anyway. She loves me. I might have grown up now, but she's there with me still. When I eat, when I go play, when I study, when I sleep. The flowers, too... she brings me those as well!"
    A" Azzurra, that's just a... dream. A figment of your imagination. You were... you miss your parents, that's all that it is."
    "Poor Azzurra. I can't imagine being in her shoes."
    Az" Hey, Ana."
    A" What is it?"
    Az" If I continue along this path... if I become well known..."
    Az" Maybe I... do you think I'll get to see my parents again?"
    A" Azzurra…"
    "The damp night breeze washes upon my face. This time of the year, the wind often carries with it dust and sand – maybe that's why me eyes are all grainy and watery now. I want to answer Azzurra, but then all I have is an empty encounragement. Not much different than putting ice on an open wound. It dulls the pain, but only for a moment. Only for a moment, it does."
    "“I'm always on your side, Azzurra.”"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bên ngoài nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "From then on, it took us no time to get back home. I can see the light from my house's window. Mom's waiting."
    Az" I'm going home. You, too."
    "Azzurra folds her arm, her sleepy voice and demeanor doesn't look very much like a grown woman at this point."
    A" Well then. Good night, Azzurra."
    Az" Niiight. Yaaawn…"
    "Azzurra yawns as she walks off. Her hairband has now fallen off, leaving her hair flowing in the moonlight."
    "… why the hell am I blushing again?"
    "I know only to scratch the back of my head, and march into the door now held ajar."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bên ngoài nhà Pietro"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "//Sprite 1 bóng đen vụt qua màn hình"
    A" !!!"
    A" Who goes... there?"
    "Figure //cười//: ………………."
    "//Schellendorf hiện 1s rồi biến mất."
    "Strange. I thought I saw someone waiting for us at the other end of the lane. But then they vanish into the night as quickly as they came."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    "When I reach the main street, the figure has... gone. Like a ghost dispersing into the shadow whence it came. Now that I think about it... I didn't see their feet touching the ground, too."
    "“Was that a ghost, for real?”"
    "I am doused now in cold sweat."
    "I don't know what I'm doing, but I spent the next half an hour searching the remaining lanes and turns in sight, and found nothing. Not even a footprint."
    "It took my mom calling me back to break me from my feverish trance. I walk back, turning around once every so often. If the figure's still around... I don't want them into the house with me."
    "And so the night comes to a close... with my heavy heart and the flickering light of the late oil lamp."
    "***"
    "MOVEMENT 2: Hanes"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "“Anatolio”"
    "“Anatolio”"
    "Who's calling me?"
    "Someone is calling me, from the void. Crying for help, perhaps? Or begging for mercy?Tiếng gọi ai đó vang lên từ chốn hư, nửa như kêu cứu, nửa như van xin."
    "“Anatolio!”"
    "It. Grows. Louder. And. Louder."
    "“ANATOLIOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!”"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    A" OWCH!"
    Az" That's just like you! How long do you intend to keep sleeping?"
    A" Until you wake me up, of course."
    "Azzurra//thở dài//: Honestly—"
    Az" Remember what we have to do today?"
    A" I do. Sleep, isn't it?"
    "At this point in time, I can't think of any reason to wake up. No sir."
    Az" WAKE! UP! NOW!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    A" Alright, alright, I'm awake, awake you hear?"
    "Lest you forget, standing before me with her hands on her hip in a most challenging pose is my neighbor Azzurra Ines. What a darling."
    Az" Remember? We have an appointment with Hanes today!"
    A" What's the hurry... the roosters haven't even crowed yet."
    "I yawn and yawn and rub my watery eyes."
    Az" Not that they haven't crowed... but that it's long past their crowing! Don't you realize this is sharp noon?"
    "Oh really? That explains the previously unexplained warmth."
    "Staying up late last night has apparently cost me all morning. All thanks to Hanes."
    A" The appointment was for the afternoon, m'lady!"
    Az" Who knows? What if you're going to sleep until midnight? Better wake up – lunch's calling!"
    A" Yes, m'lady. Three bags full, m'lady."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng khách nhà Pietro"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Mrs. Pietro: Good day, Azzurra. Seems like you've finally dislodged the lazy bum from his sty."
    Az" Yes, ma'am! Mission accomplished!"
    "Azzurra declares loudly as if it were truly an epic achievement."
    "Speaking of my present predicament. When I got downstairs, my parents were already there at the table. Which would be nothing... except the smell of minestrone soup is now filling the room, for which I have nothing but raw, undiluted hatred."
    P" What's with the grimace, lad? If not for her I'd have tossed you into the streets for oversleeping!"
    A" Yes, sure, sure. I know, thanks to her. That enough?"
    "Dad looks at me with no small amount of disdain. Planning to give me a poke or two when I least expect one, no doubt."
    "Mrs. Pietro: Azzurra. You want to stay and have lunch with us?"
    Az" Yes, please. Excuse my intrusion!"
    P" Well well, let's have it that way."
    "Mrs. Pietro: Lunch's ready!"
    P" BUON APPETITO!!!"
    "And so, with my father's call-to-food, our lunch begins, filled with numerous conversations as per usual. Mostly they concern my parents and Azzurra. The air becomes much more lively... not counting poor me and his steaming pile of cr- I mean, vegetable soup."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" Do you have to stick so close to me like that?"
    Az" Why not? We're going to the same place, aren't we?"
    A" But... uh... Don't you find this, uh... inconvenient?"
    Az" What's inconvenient? Something wrong with you today, Ana?"
    "As you can see, I am having a disagreement with the lady friend clingign to my arm. This doesn't seem to concern her any, but to me, that's another matter entirely. My face is turning red as I try to struggle off her grip."
    Az" Ah!"
    "In the end, Azzurra has given up. But then as the moment dawns upon me, I, too, screech to a halt."
    E" Well, well, well. Going somewhere, friends? You two look... strangely intimate, don't you?"
    A" Elena? What are you doing here?"
    E" Ana is being unreasonable, isn't he? Is Elena not allowed to be here?"
    "In front of me stands my noble lady, attractive and smart in equal measures. On her side, as per normal, are her array of loyal muscle-headed footmen."
    E" That should be Elena's question for Ana. Where should Ana happen to be going? Not, perhaps, to visit Elena herself?"
    A" Ah, well... I was... I'm going to the cathedral."
    "I don't exactly know what is holding me hostage. Perhaps Elena's suspicious smile has become something of a nemesis to me."
    E" Really?"
    Az" Really! We have an appointment with Hanes. Elena, want to join us?"
    "Azzurra quickly says. A rapid, yet polite answer. Not what I normally expect from her."
    E" No! Today Elena shall not partake."
    "Elena looks... regretful. Does she have something important to attend to?"
    "Strange, does her ladyship Elena has something else more pressing than having fun?"
    E" Well, do have a good day. Ana, have fun."
    A" B-but of course."
    "Elena, being Elena, just glided across without waiting for my answer. Her hair screens across my cheek. What an odd sensation."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    E" Viel Glück!"
    "Cảnh: đường phố"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    Az" Eh?"
    "Azzurra just exclaims, just like that. She looks a little odd, too – distracted and speechless. I feel like I need to chime in."
    A" What's the matter, Azzurra? Something wrong?"
    "She doesn't look – or sound – willing to cooperate."
    Az" No, no, no! Nothing at all!"
    "Before Elena left, it looks like she'd told Azzurra something. Maybe that's the reason?"
    "Azzurra //xa//: What are you waiting for? Go on, go on, go on!"
    "I respond to Azzurra's call with a single curt “Yeah”"
    "Ah well. The cathedral beckons."
    "To be honest? I don't even know what I'm doing any more... or for what."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "As Azzurra and I step through the cathedral's doorway, everything is yet silent. In fact, the same as if Father Fredo were at home still."
    "Maybe we'll have to go home?"
    "Except..."
    H" W-welcome to our h-heaven, m-my dear friends!"
    "Well, there's our answer."
    A" Hanes, this is a cathedral."
    "I whisper at Hanes. The guy's all over his head seeing we kept our promise – just simple as that!"
    H" N-no matter! Father Fredo is as-asleep! He isn't right here, y-you know?"
    A" Asleep? Where?"
    H" Right i-in the next room! B-but try not to wake him! If he w-wakes up, I'll be in tr-trouble!"
    A" Now how should we do that?"
    H" Easy! J-just try not to make too much no-noise."
    A" That's all? So I need only make some noise-"
    H" N-no! I m-mean, “don't m-make noise!” M-must not make noise. I-I mean, don't do that. I, uh- Argh!"
    Az" Teehee."
    "Azzurra, too, is snickering, hands over her mouth."
    "(And I? I'd rather not look at myself in the mirror right now, thank you very much.)"
    H" Father g-got mad the other day over me br-breaking just a glass. Of late he's a l-little grumpy."
    A" Nice. Badmouthing Father Fredo, now, aren't we?"
    H" W-what's wrong with that? H-he's not here, is-is he?"
    "Ah, good old Hanes and his occasional burst of confidence and arrogance. Now, how should I go about bursting that bubble, hmm?"
    "Choice 6.3"
    "1.	A prank is in order"
    "2.	Counsel him not to do that again"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.3 =1"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Sure thing."
    "Let me see what I can do about that."
    A" So... do you think Father Fredo can hear us?"
    H" Of c-course not! Unless you sh-shout..."
    A" Fair enough."
    "Inhale. Exhale. Inhale"
    "One. Two."
    "Three."
    "//Màn hình run lên"
    A" HANES SAYS FATHER FREDO IS A GRUMPY, AGGRESSIVE OLD FART!"
    "//Màn hình run lên"
    H" Sh-sh-sh-sh-shut!"
    "Took Hanes no time to cover my mouth. In no time the both of us are shoved out of the cathedral. Yes, that means Azzurra too – though she's done nothing."
    "oOo"
    "Cảnh: nhà thờ bên ngoài"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    H" Y-you try-trying to m-mu-murder me, you f-fool?"
    "We now stand in the yard, shoved out with extreme prejudice. Hanes hurriedly closes shut the door behind us."
    A" That's such an ugly word. I was merely trying to reinterpret your opinion in a different manner of speech at a louder volume."
    H" B-but that is-isn't what I m-meant! At all!"
    A" The main idea is the same, isn't it?"
    H" M-main idea? Y-you're going to have m-me killed , you know?"
    A" Well, you can only get killed once, you know. How about this? FATHER FREDO IS A-"
    "/màn hình nảy lên"
    H" N-NOOOOOOOO!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà thờ bên ngoài"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Hanes (T_T):…………………."
    H" I-I give up."
    A" Well, what would you like me to do?"
    H" D-do find someone- some oth-other helpers. I-I'm – my h-heart's at its l-limit-"
    "Hanes is positively sobbing. On my part, well, I can only sigh. That... and Azzurra doesn't look too happy with me."
    "Azzurra /tức giận/: I think you overdid it, Ana."
    A" Well, uh... I was only playing a joke."
    Az" Now are you going to apologize or not? Want me to go home without you prankster?"
    "Well... if she puts it that way..."
    A" Okay, okay, I'm sorry. Now, back to business, shall we?"
    H" Alr-alright. Apology ac-accepted. Now if you w-wouldn't object, m-my room is t-this way."
    A" Fine, fine, fine. Azzurra, ladies first."
    "Azzurra //cười đồng ý//: Right…"
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.3"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 6.3=2"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "“Counseling” Hanes is only going to do so much good."
    "That, and I've got a serious allergy to his laughing face. Blood's boiling right here, ladies and gentlemen."
    "No and no. I have  to teach him a lesson."
    "Goto Choice 6.3 =1"
    "oOo"
    "ChoiceOut 6.3"
    "Cảnh: Phòng Hanes"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "I make myself comfortable on Hanes' chair."
    "Well, no matter how much I opposed to his being with us, it does feel nice being the boss."
    A" Well? What are you trying to say, Hanes?"
    "I prop my chin, making the most serious face within my capability. The most difficult thing of being boss is not sitting on that chair, but carry yourself in such a way that the others respect your authority. That's what I've been trying to live up to."
    H" N-nothing. J-just that I'm curious wh-when we are beginning with our bu-business."
    A" That's it?"
    H" Yeah. T-that's because you were s-so noisy outside the cath-cathedral. I h-have to bring you g-guys in here."
    "Hanes answers, shaking his head. I really, really should have a satisfactory answer for him, shouldn't I?"
    A" Oh. Yes. Business. Well, from the beginning there was only Azzurra and I, so there doesn't seem to be an opening for you yet. At least, in this river water research project we're doing. But... well, some discussions can't hurt-"
    "Lest you forget, this is a difficult problem Mr. Ines posed back in his days. It ranks first among all his unanswered questions at the back of his journal."
    Az" Hey! I'm still against your idea!"
    H" S-so am I. It's t-terribly une-unethical!"
    "Both Hanes and Azzurra fold their arms."
    A" Well, if you say that... any ideas? Thoughts? Suggestion? Other than what I have, of course."
    H" Hmmm..."
    Az" Hmmmmmm..."
    "Silence, in all its thick, condensed glory, fills the room."
    H" Wh-why don't we try something else?"
    A" What something else, in your opinion?"
    "Such a silly question is not outside my expectation of Hanes. Not that I would complain, oh, no, sir."
    H" Something sa-satisfying three con-conditions: Ins-insoluble, doesn't vaporize, and n-not too heavy. Is-isn't that enough?"
    A" Smooth. Now how can we find this most fabled plant?"
    H" Wh-why not? We can search it u-up! I do have a st-store of botanical books... we can h-have a look!"
    "Hardly has he finished the sentence, an excited Hanes produces a pile of old books from one of his mysterious storage compartments. Azzurra's eyes flare up like a candle in the night."
    A" Fine."
    "Given Azzurra's enthusiasm, I have no choice but to sigh and give up resisting. Then, of course, came a search I'm sure will be fruitless."
    "On my part, while I'm no expert, with what Mr. Ines taught me about the world's flora, I am willing to bet the possibility that such a plant exists is... close to nil. Even if it does exist, shouldn't Mr. Ines have thought about it in the first place?"
    "But then-"
    H" G-got it!"
    "Hanes' exclamation knocks my train of thoughts off its track."
    H" Eichhornia. That's it. A-a rare species of aq-aquatic plant. It is extr-extremely resilient, too. Isn't that our b-best bet?"
    "CG: quyển sách"
    "I skim over the book Hanes gave me."
    "Truly, this is a plant I have never heard of. As luck would have it: It fulfills all the preconditions Hanes set out!"
    "Now, if we can make a sample sink to the bottom of the lake, if it appears once again upstream, we'll have an indisputable proof for Mr. Ines' “fish tank” model. Such a discovery will shake the world, I tell you!"
    "But then, of course, the problem is—"
    "Cảnh: phòng Hanes"
    A" Now where are we going to get some in the first place?"
    "I've never seen this plant for myself. If we are to start looking from this moment, well, that's like looking for a needle in a stack of needles."
    H" Heh. Wh-what's with your ima-imagination today, Anatolio?"
    A" Say what again?"
    H" Y-you are aware of what the-the plants growing in the church p-pond are, aren't you?"
    "It is true that there is a pond within the church ground, but I've never paid much attention to what grows within it."
    H" That's your Eich-Eichhornia."
    A" Eh?"
    "I stare at Hanes with a shiver. His eyes are half-closed again, his brows forming two almost-straight lines across his face."
    H" S-see! I can contr-contribute to the group, too! Let's go pl-pluck them!"
    Az" That's awesome! Let's go have a look, Ana!"
    "And so Azzurra speeds off with Hanes, leaving me behind looking like an idiot."
    A" Hey, wait for me!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bên ngoài nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    Az" So... this is what it is?"
    "It took Hanes but a few moments fidgeting and plucking to produce before us a branch from the mass of plant life within the pond. It doesn't completely resemble the picture in the book, but Hanes is certain this is the plant we want."
    H" Well it doesn't look as f-fresh as in the figure, b-but I think it will work."
    A" Just that many? Are they... enough?"
    H" This plant is so terribly r-resilient. I-I think this is all w-we need."
    H" Or we c-can raise them so they'd grow a little larger, i-if you'd l-like to be sure-"
    "Hanes rubs the leaves in his hand, as though grooming a pet puppy. Perhaps this truly is what he's good at, given all that he's been talking about over the last few minutes. I don't know, I'm getting excited. As if the results we're after is right there, in front of us."
    A" Right. Let's do it that way. Azzurra, can you take care of it?"
    Az" No problem here!"
    H" T-that's fine, Az-Azzurra is our b-best choice yet! Also I w-wouldn't get scolded, too."
    A" So that's what you're after, isn't it?"
    "I elbow Hanes."
    A" Ahem. So, without further ado, let our first operation-"
    "I inhale deeply, trying to force a voice as befit my current stature as a leader:"
    A" Operation Primo..."
    A" COMMENCE!!"
    "***"
    "//Logo game"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cánh đồng"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    "//BGM: Stella, stellina"
    "//NVL"
    "“Stella, stellina,"
    "La notte si avvicina…”"
    "The off-key singing of the children echoed like the late night wind."
    "In the middle of the night sky, endless distant stars' long gone lights shone."
    "This was no festival, no."
    "But that doesn't stop the children simply having fun together underneath the illuminating moonlight."
    "//New page"
    "“…La fiamma traballa."
    "La mucca nella stalla…”"
    "The innocent melodies swirled around their steps."
    "The children gathered around in a circle."
    "The hands squeezed one another, warming one another beneath the cold breeze."
    "//New page"
    "“…La mucca e il vitello,"
    "La pecora e l'agnello,…”"
    "The notes sounded almost visible, dancing with every step."
    "Miracles were like to appear under a blue moon full moon."
    "You could see those black spots in that moon."
    "In the middle there was the loathsome beast the kicking bag."
    "Calm and slow, calm and slow. Enough for everyone to share in."
    "//New page"
    "“…La chioccia con il pulcino,"
    "Ognuno ha il suo bambino,…”"
    "Sing!"
    "Sing and scream and shout!"
    "The conductor was waving his stick?"
    "One kick note,"
    "Two stomps note,"
    "Three slams note,"
    "Let's kick dance! Steady now, steady now!"
    "The steadier the kick steps, the better the reveler!"
    "//New page"
    "“…Ognuno ha la sua mamma,"
    "E tutti fanno la nanna!”"
    "Heard that, anyone?"
    "A quiet song, a lullaby, even, lonesome and melancholic."
    "//New page"
    "There was the girl, beauteous and haughty."
    "In that dead of night, glitter did her dress, crimson and pink and white and so elegant. Like a maiden messenger sent forth by the Creator Himself."
    "In one hand she held coins so shiny. In the other, a razor prayer true and faithful."
    "The emerald on her diadem was no match for the purity of her eyes. Ah, so she smiled! Kindly and pure. Attractive and mesmerizing. Like piercing through this soul of mine."
    "I shall give up all I have, my life and all else, for that one smile."
    "My saintly maiden, the light of my life."
    "What sins I have committed, what sins I shall commit, all shall be for you, the half of my soul!"
    "//New page"
    "Strange. The night was young still, yet the girl's face was already drenched in dew."
    "White dew, pure and..."
    "Wait, wasn't that red dew out there?"
    "Strange. So strange."
    "Bad omen. A curse."
    "A mark of chaos and demons."
    "That came from the little girl the kicking bag, didn't it? Deserve it?"
    "Should they stop? Or should they not? Perhaps, perhaps not?"
    "The dead of night did not help the girl's voice reach the Mercy of the Creator."
    "//New page"
    "“Stella, stellina,"
    "La notte si avvicina…”"
    "Oh the children who sung in the night!"
    "Oh the songs, innocent and pure!"
    "Like a lullaby, luring one into a deep slumber."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" Viel Glück!"
    "***"
    "//Logo Game"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" Everything okay this side."
    H" This side, d-done!"
    A" And that's it! All we need to do is wait for fame to come to us, and all's good."
    H" D-does it really take a month? Is th-there any way to speed up the pr-process?"
    A" Told you already: No daydreaming!"
    "The three of us have been throwing dirt balls into Lake Meyr for about an hour now."
    "Not usual dirt balls, mind you: They contain Eichhornia shoots within them. As the book noted, this plant reproduces asexually. Which is to say, new plant stems will be born from the leaves themselves. This is extremely conducive to what we're doing. No more worrying about seeds and all that."
    "One problem remains: this plant floats on the surface. That is where the dirt balls came in: wrapping the leaves within such balls, I can be sure they will sink to the bottom. Then after a while, the dirt will be washed away, and up the plant will float."
    "All that, of course, is only in theory. In practice, the plant might die at any time. To make up for that not insignificant chance, we have to use overwhelming quality."
    H" Y-you know, Azzu-Azzurra, F-father Fredo asked the oth-other day why I've sud-suddenly become so hard-w-wotking. Cleaning up the y-yard and all."
    "Hanes speaks jovially as he wipes beads of sweat off his brows."
    Az" And? What did you say?"
    H" Well, er... Didn't kn-know what to say, to be h-honest. Just said I was c-collecting firew-firewood, is all."
    A" Should have said you are planning to set fire to the cathedral. See how Father Fredo would respond."
    H" If I d-did so, it would be m-me rather than the plants at th-the bottom of the l-lake now."
    A" Hah. Well, you get it all right!"
    "I slap my thigh."
    Az" Oh, and speaking of which... it's nearly winter, isn't it?"
    "Azzurra looks up into the sky. There the bits and pieces of fluffy clouds are gathering, as if heralding the coming of winter. The Church has yet to make a statement, though – looks like this winter will be warm and generic."
    A" Yeah. I do remember that time, ten years ago. Cold. Really cold. Snow and ice everywhere. Didn't Azzurra go skiing with me back in the days?"
    "Next thing I know, Azzurra and Hanes are both staring at me like I were an alien specimen."
    Az" Wha?"
    H" Wha-what?"
    A" Wait, what? Did I say something wrong?"
    "Azzurra //nhìn lảng đi, đượm buồn//: ………………"
    H" W-what'd you said, Anat-Anatolio? Ten years ag-ago... there was no Azz-Azzurra!"
    A" Eh? Oh... yeah. Sorry."
    A" Must have been my dream, haha."
    "I scratch my head, feigning innocence. Mainly for Azzurra's sake: I was so inconsiderate! Shouldn't have reminded her of her past... or that time."
    A" I'm sorry, Azzurra."
    Az" No, no, no! It's nothing, really!"
    A" Really?"
    Az" I said it's nothing! Hanes, shall we go home?"
    "Azzurra's perplexing behavior does tell me it is not nothing. But then asking any further at this point is tantamount to digging myself deeper."
    "Cảnh: bờ hồ phủ tuyết trắng"
    "//Delay 0.5s"
    "Cảnh: bờ hồ"
    A" ..."
    "Why?"
    "What is going on?"
    "Why is it, that whenever I think about that scene, it appears so familiar?"
    "I've said it must have been a dream, yes. But that dream is too vivid to be, well, a dream."
    "I try to delve deeper into my old memories long locked away. That does me no good but provoking yet another headache."
    "Cảnh: bờ hồ phủ tuyết trắng"
    "Azzurra //ko sprite//: Ana! Here, here! After me!"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "That voice... well, here comes the headache again, echoing through my heart."
    "Ten years ago... did that actually exist? Or did it not?"
    "It feels downright horrible having forgotten something. But even worse is having a vague memory of the past. Like you were a wanderer caught on one side of a deep, dark pit and have no way to cross it."
    "Inhale. Exhale. Inhale."
    "In the end, what was it?"
    "Dream? Truth? Half-truth?"
    "Or just a scene from the deepest cesspits of my imagination?"
    "Cảnh: con đường ngoại ô"
    "Azzurra //đứng từ xa//: Anatolio? What are you doing? Let's go!"
    "Hanes //đứng từ xa//: If you d-don't, the fa-fame's all mine!"
    A" Right, right. Here I come. A moment puh-lease!"
    "Hanes//không sprite//: Haha! D-dreaming something, Anatolio?"
    A" What dream?"
    "Azzurra //không sprite//: Tell me, tell me!"
    A" I don't know what you're talking about!"
    "Cảnh: chuyển cảnh từ dưới lên trên thẳng lên bầu trời."
    "//NVL"
    "A question. Did the “past” actually exist? Or was it born along with man themselves?"
    "As a theory goes, the universe has just been created by a wanton god last Thursday. With that creation, every single thing from the most inconceivable past to the most recent present, up to and including the memories and personalities of men and beasts... came into being."
    "Unprovable. Unverifiable. Unfalsifiable."
    "“Last Thursdayism”."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: trắng"
    "Over the next month, we discuss nothing but gossip. How to publicize the result. Who we want to laugh at. Or even what to do now that we'd be famous."
    "On my part, I quickly bury the image of that vague past. We are hapy and hopeful and proud of what we've done like true adults."
    "It then took us but a month..."
    "… to realize we are still but children."
    "***"
    "One months later..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng Hanes"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Slee-eepy!"
    "Azzurra stretches herself in a none too feminine posture."
    A" So how much longer do we have to wait?"
    H" T-take it easy. They'd g-grow some time. Any-anytime now."
    A" What grow? We've been waiting for four months now!"
    "That's right. A month after we tossed down the dirt balls, we began searching upstreams. All three rivers."
    "The first disappointment came when we saw not even a leaf. Then we tried to look further up..."
    "That, too, turned out to be impossible. The Astraea alone is much longer than we thought. It crosses a thick forest, too, a sight that downright frightened Azzurra. That was why we decided to abandon that plan, instead merely waited downstreams.  "
    "Thinking about it again, even if we were to go all the way to the origin of the Astraea up in the Vitus range, we wouldn't have been much more likely to find anything. So much for the dream of easy success."
    "After all, however much I tried to persuade myself otherwise, I haven't exactly surpassed Mr. Ines."
    H" Or... m-maybe they'd all died."
    "Hanes' stuttering extends all over, like an icky something pulled from his throat."
    Az" Shhh! D-don't jinx it so, Hanes! What's wrong with you?"
    "Azzurra steps on Hanes' foot with a glare in her eyes."
    "I want to deny it, I do. But then Hanes' hypothesis makes sense..."
    A" No... Hanes' right."
    "//Azzurra trố măt"
    A" Maybe we shouldn't have been so invested in this business in the first place. The odds of them all dead is around ninety nine percent."
    "I sigh, lying across Hanes' table."
    Az" What is that? Is that all it takes to wear you out? Ninety nine percent isn't one hundred! Look at me, Anatolio!"
    "//Sprite Azzurra to max."
    "Barely have I raised my brows when Azzurra closes in on me."
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên."
    "//Sprite Azzurra nhỏ lại 1 chút"
    A" What's with you, Azu? Trying to scare me to death?"
    Az" Just see if you have a fever or something. You speak like a man half dead, you know?"
    A" You don't need to lean so close!"
    Az" Then how would I know if you have a temperature or something? Come here!"
    "//Sprite Azzurra to max"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng Hanes"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Well, it's hot! Maybe you're having a heatstroke, Ana!"
    A" Not a heatstroke. My head's gonna explode, is all."
    Az" Eh?"
    A" Ah. No. Nope. Nothing. What now, Hanes?"
    "I quickly shoot a glance at the white-haired pal sitting at the opposite corner. He's seemingly absorbed in a certain something on the shelf. No wonder he jumps when I calls him."
    H" Eh? Oh. Okay. I-I have this idea. I-if they did grow, they aren't dy-dying. So we d-don't actually need to check on th-them as much as we d-do. Another month or tw-two, give or take? In th-the meantime, why n-not do something to k-kill the time? Let it n-not come to waste?"
    A" Makes sense. Well, what should we do now?"
    "Hanes //gãi đầu//: Oh. That, uh... I'm t-thinking."
    A" There we go again."
    "My face falls on the book on the book on the table again. My forehead hits the cover with a thud."
    A" You know... sometimes I wonder why we bothered with this little band in the first place."
    "It would have been better if we kept up with the good old lifestyle. Go teach Azzurra, go read when I am free... and slack off whenever I like."
    Az" Hey, given up already?"
    Az" There are still so many things we can investigate. Hey, listen to me!"
    "//màn hình nảy lên"
    "Without a further word, Azzurra tosses old Mr. Ines' book on my head."
    A" Ouch!"
    Az" You said all your plans came from here, right? Look, there are still so many things grandpa left unfinished!"
    A" Yes, but did you need to whack me over the head with it?"
    "Azzurra//lêu lêu//: Up to you. Bleh!"
    "Meanwhile, Hanes, who have still been avoiding conversation until now, suddenly stands up and closes on to us like a shark smelling blood."
    H" Eh? W-what is that? L-let me have a look? Pl-please?"
    A" Just an old diary."
    H" Whoa. So-so many records right he-here! “Fishtank M-model”? Is this the th-thing you spoke about, Ana-Anatolio? Anatolio?"
    A" Well, you've seen it at work already."
    H" So m-many hypo-hypotheses. Your grandfather's, r-right, Azzurra?"
    A" Except they aren't... practical. Well, most of them aren't.."
    H" Wh-why not? Isn't what we-re d-doing one of them?"
    A" Yet another splendid evidence of failure, you mean. Or should I say, we shouldn't even dream of success?"
    H" What about the atm-atmospheric hypothesis?"
    A" Unprovable."
    H" The sp-spectrum?"
    A" Already done. See the diagram of a prism?"
    H" Really! Thunder and l-lightning?"
    A" Go do it yourself if you like."
    H" I d-don't really get it. B-but if you say that, it means it's i-impossible."
    A" You're starting to get it."
    H" Ha ha…"
    "Hanes' smile looks like a frown. Just like Elena's poor puppy Nessy whenever her mistress ignores her."
    A" In short, worthless and pointless endeavors. All of them."
    Az" Anatolio. Don't talk like that about my grandpa!"
    A" Right, right, I'm sorry! It's all my fault, alright?"
    "Seeing Azzurra like so, I have no choice but to let her have the cake this time. To be honest, I do want to provoke her a little fjust to break the ice. But then, knowing her... that might be much less wise than I thought it is."
    H" Ah-Ah. Got it!"
    "Once again Hanes stands up, closing the book with a loud thud. Something's just came up in that head of his, maybe?"
    H" If we d-don't have projects of our o-own, why not have oth-others bring projects for us?"
    "Azzurra //nghiêng đầu//:?"
    A" Which is to say?"
    H" Which is to say... we'll open an inv-investigative service. These days the Ch-church is busy, too, so if we do lend th-them a hand... well I don't think Father Fredo will m-mind!"
    "Accordingly, we would become something like a private eye: helping the Church and the city authorities with those little things that slip under the crack. Petty thievery, for instance."
    "Not exactly what I'd like to do. Not to mention..."
    A" That sounds good... on paper. Who will trust us?"
    H" H-hey! I just l-look like this, but I h-happen to be one of those res-respectable sort!"
    A" That makes sense. Nobody would waste time bearing suspicions against a simpleton like you."
    H" S-say what?"
    A" Nothing. What I mean is, having Hanes working with the Church is sooo~ convenient."
    H" I sm-smell sarcasm."
    A" Not a bit. My words are true~ as my own self."
    H" Ah, l-let it slide. Sh-shall we do it?"
    A" No losses to me. A good beginning as any, methinks."
    "And so, our investigative team's second incarnation comes to be."
    "Will we or will we not strike the motherlode this time?"
    "***"
    "One month later..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà thờ bên ngoài"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It should be early winter now. But then the cold... doesn't seem to come."
    "No matter how much warmth the Gods stuff into the sun, it doesn't come halfway close to the fire in my heart."
    A" So... this is all that is to it?"
    "After leaving all the typical petty thefts to Hanes, this is all that I have left for me."
    "Three questions on a piece of paper, written by Hanes' hands. His handwriting is barely legible, to put it lightly."
    Az" This sounds like a quiz with a prize on it..."
    H" Oh, oh, oh, my friends! O-of course not!"
    H" Here's the st-story: There are three old friends who h-haven't met for years. The first's a m-musician, the second a t-teacher, the third an engi-engineer or something from a p-particular manufac-manufactury."
    H" They met in a tavern or something. P-played poker, won a bunch, then crawled to the b-bar for some hard drink. Th-then – drink and the Faceless' d-done for the rest – they begin to ar-argue. Challenge one-one another."
    "Hanes' voice echoes all over the holy ground of the cathedral. Father Fredo, as per usual, is off somewhere on Church duty. I wouldn't wish that weight upon anyone: he was leading a ceremony at the cathedral just earlier, and already he's off."
    A" Challenge, with these questions?"
    H" Y-yep. The rule was, each would br-bring forward a question. The rest w-would come up with an an-answer. One answer p-per person. W-whoever gets the right answer gets one t-third of the poker winnings. If not, the as-asker gets the share."
    A" That is too simple isn't it? They have three different professions... different expertise. Ask something within their respective specialty, and the remaining two will be stumped."
    "That won't make the game better or fairer, but at least that guarantees a win and therefore a share of the winning."
    H" Eh... well, if only it were th-that simple."
    "Hanes dusts his sleeve. It doesn't feel particularly right, being told off by a simpleton like him like that. Then he declares, hands on the hip."
    H" The rule w-was, the question has to be based on things all th-three players have already known. In o-other words, they all have the key within them. Except they d-don't know where it m-might be."
    "A musician. A teacher. An engineer. Well, color me surprised. I might buy it that a teacher and an engineer might have met before. But an artist? Where's the logical connection?"
    "If they do share something in common, knowledge-wise... must be something incredibly basic and axiomatic."
    "Wait a sec. If it were a simple question... Hanes wouldn't have brought them before me. While I haven't read the questions, I'm sure of it."
    "“Well, here we go.”"
    A" I see. So it's up to personal smarts and acumen."
    "In other words, an ego-stroking game."
    "Well I'm in need of stroking my own ego, too. Let's give it a go."
    A" Let's shoot this party down!"
    "I feel an adrenaline rush all over my body. My cheeks are heating up. Ready for the game, Anatolio? Sure is."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    H" First c-came the engineer's q-question: On the wall of the t-tavern a wh-wheel was hung. Assuming it had been sus-suspended on a rope: one connected to the ce-ceiling, the other to the cen-center of its mass without any support. H-how do you keep the w-wheel vertical?"
    "Hanes reads out the question. Trying to take it slow to cut down the stuttering."
    A" Hah. Interesting. Really interesting."
    H" So, so, so? Tough o-one, isn't it?//Hanes cười nham hiểm// D-don't ask me for the answer!"
    A" On the contrary. This is ridiculously easy."
    H" H-how so? What's y-your answer?"
    "I shrug, smirking victoriously."
    A" Stand it upright, then spin it around as fast as you can. That's all you need."
    H" W-won't it fall horizontal again in the end?"
    "Doesn't look like he bought it. However, I'm as sure of my answer as the sun rising in the East each dawn. You don't go denying the sun rising."
    A" Try for yourself then?"
    "I toss him a toy wheel and a fishing string. That's me and my lack of neatness: I can produce junks like this without even knowing where I got them from, just lying around there."
    "The rest of the work is up to Hanes, who, at least, does as he is instructed."
    H" I-it stands! Stands!."
    "Hanes' eyes widen, then his scowl curves into a smile of admiration."
    H" B-but why?"
    A" Let me tell you—"
    "Choice 6.3.1"
    "1.	Twist moment"
    "2.	Centrifugal force"
    "3.	Magic!"
    "Choice 6.3.1=1"
    A" It's actually rather simple. The twist moment of the wheel, generated as we spin it, helps to change the direction of the forces affecting it."
    H" I... see. But I d-don't get it..."
    Az" Neither have I..."
    A" Let's make it this way. Imagine the wheel as a clock with four positions: Twelve, three, six and nine o'clock. When it lies immobile, the force at the twelve-o'clock point will cause it to, well, lie horizontally like you normally see. Now when you spin it clockwise like so, the twelve o'clock point would move to what was previously the three o'clock point before that gravitational force could act. The gravitational pull remains, though, and pushes the previous three o'clock point forward, and the nine o'clock back. At the same time, the gravity force at point twelve and six remains zero. In other words, instead of falling flat on its face, the wheel would fall flat... on its side. Makes sense? Yes? Next question!"
    "Yeah, let's do that. Let's not waste time trying to explain further to Hanes: he's not going to get it from the look of it no matter how hard I try."
    "Azzurra, I'll explain this again to you later."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.3.1"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.3.1=2"
    A" I suppose centrifugal force has something to do with it."
    "Truth be told, Hanes's questioning did make me rethink my reasoning. And that was when I realized, well, maybe my logic isn't as sound as I thought it was. With my confiddence evaporating, I can only give a random answer for the sake of having one."
    "Hanes doesn't look like he buys it."
    H" Is... that so?"
    "I can't blame him. Here I am putting forward a statement without any kind of proof whatsoever. How can I convince anyone when I can't even convince myself?"
    "I am only sure of one thing: Hanes doesn't have an answer of his own. So in a sense I still win this. Let's be quick and move on to the next question, before Hanes gets some better idea..."
    "Looking at Azzurra, well, I'm just not sure how I am going to explain this to her later..."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.3.1"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.3.1=3"
    A" Magic, that's what!"
    "Truth be told, Hanes's questioning did make me rethink my reasoning. And that was when I realized, well, maybe my logic isn't as sound as I thought it was. With my confiddence evaporating, I can only give a random answer for the sake of having one."
    "Hanes most certainly doesn't buy it."
    H" Is... that so?"
    "I can't blame him. Here I am putting forward a ridiculously ridiculous statement? Magic? More like slapping myself on the face for spouting such idiocy. What can I say to my defense except 'it sounded like a good idea at the moment'?"
    "What shall I do now? Let's be quick, suppress my own embarrassment, and move on to the next question, before Hanes gets some better idea..."
    "Looking at Azzurra, well, I'm just not sure how I am going to explain this to her later..."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.3.1"
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 6.3.1"
    H" R-right. The second q-question was the musician's: A g-guitarist has his strings break in-in the middle of a p-performance. He replaced them w-with all haste. Will the new strings be on-on or off-key?"
    H" But he d-demanded that the answer be given in a s-single word!"
    H" S-so, Azu, what do you think?"
    "This time Hanes directs his question at Azzurra. I bet her yawning and looking at a history tome aptly titled “The Red Dawn” that Father Fredo wrote has something to do with it."
    "Azzurra was duly startled. I would be, too, if I were in her shoes."
    Az" Eh? Do I have to have a go at it too?"
    H" B-but of course! Aren't w-we a group? H-hey! Don't tell me you aren't giving my qu-questions the time of day!"
    "//Azzurra đỏ mặt"
    A" You said it yourself - “But of course!”"
    "I would say understanding Azzurra is yet another of my many rare talents. Then I slip her the question note while savoring Hanes' displeasure. Knowing what ticks the fellow off is yet another of those talents, too – if I would say that myself."
    "To be fair, it did take Azzurra quite a while to digest the question."
    "Azzurra //trầm ngâm//: …………………………"
    Az" I think the strings would be off-key."
    A" Why?"
    "My inquisitive look is now focused on her. It doesn't seem she's entirely awake yet."
    "Not that I can blame her. She woke up earlier today than normal. The black bags under her eyes gave away a particularly sleepless nigh."
    "Azzurra //trầm ngâm//: Uh..."
    Az" Well, the strings *were* new, weren't they?"
    "Azzurra //ngây thơ//: So of course they'd be off-key! That's why they have to take time adjust them every time!"
    H" T-that m-makes sense."
    "Hanes nodded and nodded. I get this vibe that he's playing me for a tool. On purpose."
    "Wait a second. If that were the case... then wouldn't the right answer be “on-key”?"
    "“On-key” versus “off-key”. Hmm."
    "I have to admit Azzurra does make some kind of sense in this case. The new string has to be a critical clue."
    "But then the question also described the musician as “experienced”, and that the strings were “replaced”. Even if he had been a complete greenhorn, well, there is an astronomically minuscule chance the strings would be done right from the get go."
    "So the answer would by all means been “it can go either way”. And yet the question demanded a single-word answer. What a predicament."
    "Above all, you have to give me that there's something monumentally odd about the question, easily missable at the first hear. It wasn't me, but Azzurra who saw it. It is only when she reminded me that I looked at it from that angle."
    "I give the hastily-scrawled question another read."
    "Will the new strings be on-key or off-key?"
    "As you can see, the wording of the question alone is weird. Equally weird is how Hanes read only the question verbatim while leaving the rest of it (actually quite lengthy in writing) abbreviated."
    "Will the new strings be on-key?"
    "Will the new strings be off-key?"
    "That's how people should normally ask."
    "Unless, of course..."
    "… Now I get it."
    "It's a word play."
    A" Done. I've got my answer."
    H" N-now that's the Ana-Anatolio I know! What's the a-answer?	Hanes does seem to like those gauntlets he's throwing down. I don't know, maybe he's quite a bit overconfident in getting me trapped. So, apologies. Time to call this farce for what it is, Hanes."
    A" The answer is: Yes."
    "//BGM im"
    Az" Eh?"
    "Hanes (tít mắt): ……………"
    A" What's the big surprise?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "“That was the answer” might very well been the most miserable announcement Hanes has made today. As expected, he made sure he'd turned me over and over again with those whats and whys that weren't part of the original question. And as per usual, I answered in a manner I am sure Azzurra would have a hard time understanding."
    "And that would be no logical fallacy on my part. The answer is, indeed, quite hard to elaborate."
    "Truth being, it was no more than a word play. The question “Will the new strings be on-key or off-key” implies an either-or possibility. And in this one case, it really IS either-or: there is simply no third option available. The statement is axiomatically true."
    "There can, therefore, be no answer other than “Yes”. Truly a crude application of a Mathematician's Answer, but there you have it."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng Hanes"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    H" V-very well. Last question."
    "It doesn't take Hanes too long to regain the composure he began with. He even prefaces that last one with a warning:"
    H" Hardest of-of them all!"
    "Well, he sure seems confident enough, that's for sure. His ace in the hole, no doubt."
    A" Wait a second. I've got one question."
    "It occurs quite suddenly to me that I deserve to know why Hanes was given these questions. It is as if he was picked as a kind of judge for a certain ominous contest and is reveling in that mission."
    H" Wait, what?"
    "Hanes tilts his head. Now that's something I am sure he didn't see coming."
    A" Nothing. I am just wondering why did they give you these three questions."
    "It goes without saying that bars and Church officials don't go together. This is even truer for initiates like my good friend Hanes here. Unless, of course, that is part of some special Church-sanctioned duties. Either way, alcohol is out of the question."
    H" Ah, that's simple. I-it's because of this third qu-question."
    H" You see, none of the three found the o-others' answer satisfactory. Even the one who came up with the question in the f-first place, imagine that! T-that's why that last one almost caused a bar br-brawl!"
    "Hanes puffs his chest like a knight-gallant."
    H" In came Hanes the Paladin. Y-yes, that's a-me!"
    "“Oh, really?” goes Azzurra. Even I have trouble reading if she's sincere or ironic in her 'praise'."
    A" Riiiight. Well, I'll not look a gift horse in the mouth."
    "And it truly is a gift horse to pique my curiosity. This is, if I recall, the teacher's question. Hanes took back the note before I could read this last one, so I still have no idea what it IS. That's fine: I don't like being spoiled, not now, not before, not EVER."
    H" Right. Let me read it out, ver-ba-tim."
    "//NVL cục phía sau ==”"
    "“A wealthy nobleman lives in a secluded mansion. He employs six servants in all. One summer Sunday, five of the six servants each were given a certain task."
    "The first claimed he was weeding and tending to the garden. The second said he was mending the roof and the attic. These two did converse with each other during break. The third, for her part, said she went to the market. On this particular day she got up late, and had to browse through three market lanes to find all the food the estate needed."
    "The fourth went to the chapel – the authorities were taking issues with a manufactury in the nobleman's employ and he supposed working with the Church may result in a way around that. En route this person met the third coming back from her shopping run, as well as the fifth. Now this fifth person was making a delivery from the manufactury. Given the aforementioned problem with the authorities he had to wait for an approval from the Church – which the fourth servant was getting. Then the fourth and fifth servant handled the rest of the delivery."
    "Now the sixth was an elderly butler who was also the chef. He was certain thar none of the above five did anything suspicious in the kitchen before going on with the day's work. He was a bit under the weather, and got permission to rest until lunch. None of the other five claimed to have returned home before lunch. It was almost mealtime when two guests arrived at the estate, and the nobleman had the butler fetch a bottle of aged wine for the occasion. The guests drained their glasses, while the nobleman took his time enjoying the taste. Yet barely had he finished when he dropped dead before the horrified eyes of all present."
    "Assuming it wasn't the butler who did it, the cellar was locked, the glasses are identical, and each man randomly picked their drink. Everyone's task would have theoretically left them indisposed for the whole morning and none has the capacity to do another's. All tasks were finished. Given all these facts, how was it possible that the murderer did the deed, and who might he be?”"
    H" H-here endeth the l-lengthy question."
    "Hanes seems conscious enough that the question was quite overkill for a bar quiz."
    A" Wait a second. I don't think I got the question down."
    H" T-the note's yours. T-take your time rereading it."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" T-that's actually r-really scary!"
    "Note to self: Don't show Azzurra any detective novels involving people being eviscerated any time soon."
    A" Hmm..."
    "In the meantime, let's get back to this quasi-detective work."
    "Let's sum up the facts."
    "The nobleman fell dead after draining his glass. Obviously something is wrong with the drink. But since the cellar is securely locked... someone has to have fiddled with the glass itself."
    "Back to the suspects. All six claimed to have been doing something at the time. Nobody was in the kitchen or in contact with the drink or the glass – nobody, except for the butler. The butler, surprise surprise, is also the only one without a verifiable witness. Double whammy, he is also the only one handling both glass and bottle. Nobody else has more convenience doing the deed."
    "But then the question stated the assumption that he did not do it. So the culprit is among the other five. But then none of them went back home for lunch. It is equally preposterous to suspect the guests, for obvious reasons."
    "So it is either the nobleman who killed himself, or someone was a big fat liar. Assuming the geezer wasn't the type to off himself, then who was the liar?"
    "Back to the servants: I can divide them into two groups. Servant 1 and 2 were gardening, and Servant 3, 4 and 5 were out of the estate doing their things. Everyone in a group could testify for everyone else in the same group."
    "So if one lied, that means the whole group must be colluding."
    "But the question remains, who?"
    "To visualize the info"
    "Group A (didn't leave the homestead):"
    "4.	Gardener  Met #2"
    "5.	Roof-mender  Met #1"
    "Group B (out doing their stuff):"
    "6.	Shopping"
    "7.	Met with Church officials  Met #3 and #5"
    "8.	Delivering goods  Met #4"
    "Logically those who didn't leave the estate had a far better opportunity to meddle with the drink."
    "A possibility is the second person sneaked into the kitchen while mending the roof and tampered with the glass; then lied about it together with the first servant. The result is a poisoned glass and a dead nobleman."
    "I can't say I'm sure, but let's give it a go either way."
    A" Group A. I mean, the roof-mender."
    "Then I explain the reasoning I've just come up with. It all seems to match and click, at least in my mind."
    "But then Hanes... wasn't exactly approving."
    H" Bzzt! N-nope! Wrongie-doo, pal!"
    "How blunt. I take his declaration about as well as I would an arrow in the chest: defensively."
    A" Well, how would I be wrong? You've got to agree those in the house are that much more likely to do the deed. If it wasn't the butler, it has to be the other two."
    "That, or the second group. But then that case would make even less sense."
    H" My d-dear Anatolio. Think a-about it. Is it at all possible y-you've left something out? Think again. T-there is one vital clue you've l-left untouched, isn't there?"
    A" A vital clue?"
    "How quaint, Hanes dropping a clue of sort. Being reminded of something I missed isn't what I expect to come from the guy."
    "Indeed, I've almost forgotten. Each and every job was perfectly done within the theoretical allotted time."
    A" Any possibility that the second servant did it faster than he normally did?"
    "It's a vague assumption. Nobody can theoretically map out the exact time that a person needs for any given particular task. And if it is a vague assumption, well, that's something I could use to back myself up."
    H" N-nope! That's not where the problem lies!"
    "Hanes clicks his tongue and shrugs."
    H" What you forgot is: The two guest are com-completely unharmed!"
    H" If someone did tamper with the wine, we'd have had a tri-triple homicide! Also, t-the butler is the only one having access to the cellar!"
    A" He could have smeared poison on the glass."
    H" How, then, co-could he make sure the nob-nobleman's the one who gets it? Remember the glasses are randomly p-picked! Same for the actual bottle of wine!"
    A" P-perhaps the culprit was a serial killer wannabe? He didn't care who gets the glass so long as someone falls dead?"
    H" Wouldn't it make more sense to po-poison all three glasses then?"
    A"……………."
    "Well, there goes my reasoning. Hanes, you're right this time."
    "So three people took the wine. Only the host bit the dust. That's the culprit's goal. Maddening, I know."
    "Servant #1 and #2 are each other's witness."
    "Servant #4 is a witness for #3 and #5. #5 is quite certain he met #1."
    "Who else could have done the deed?"
    "Did the nobleman decide to elaborately kill himself?"
    H" N-o-p-e!"
    "To be fair, Hanes didn't need to stomp my answer into the dirt like that."
    H" By the by, l-let me reveal something. Th-the three answers you've g-given? That's how these three nearly sta-started fighting."
    A" That bar brawl you said?"
    H" Y-yep, that one. The same thing that had Hanes t-the Pal-pally charge in to solve."
    H" W-well, I don't actually kn-know the details. Just that t-they gave the swame answers t-that you did. But the teacher, well, h-he said they're all wrong. Then the other two guys, t-they said the same thing you said. Also app-apparently wrong, according to the tea-teacher fellow."
    H" He didn't g-give his own answer, mind you, saying that he wants it t-to be food for thought for the other guys."
    H" W-who could stand that, don't you agree? Especially when it's good m-money at stake. It might well be a c-cheat! So there they started ar-arguing. The engineer and the musician said the teacher didn't play fair, the teacher insisted he did. Aaaaand the rest, as you'd s-say, is history."
    H" Took this noble Pal-Paladin a while to restore the peace! I can be pr-pretty awesome at times, if I have to s-say that myself!"
    "That is a surprisingly elaborate description of the situation. Unfortunately, it is also thoroughly unhelpful for the guy who simply wants an answer to this quiz: me."
    H" So, und-understandably, you're wrong."
    "If that was indeed the case, there is certainly something missing in my reasoning. I don't find my analysis quite convincing to myself. Yet, admitting defeat also means..."
    A" So you don't have an answer yourself?"
    H" Unfortunately, f-for just this one."
    "So much for wanting a final satisfaction to round off Hanes' sleight of head. The disappointment is almost material."
    "“Well, shoot!”. Who knows, maybe Hanes himself is curious too? He wants an answer, of course, and would even ask for it if he could."
    "That's one feeling I can totally get around. I give up. It's just a game, isn't it? Should we waste as much mind power on it as we are?"
    "Then I hear the bell tower strike three in the afternoon. School time for me and Azzurra. We've made it a habit, and I do try not to break it."
    "Normally this sound would fill me with a certain kind of dread. Not today, though: It's given me the perfect reason to call it quits."
    A" Why, look at the time. I've got to go now – maybe I'll try this again later?"
    H" Eh?"
    "Hanes sounds a bit startled. Not just surprised, but a bit... frightened, even. For some reason."
    A" Well, I've got to go. To teach Azzurra. As for these trick questions, maybe I'll be able to come up with something at home?"
    "Home. And quietness. That should help me think clearer and better. Makes sense, right?"
    "Hanes, however, doesn't seem to be too much in agreement."
    H" E-eh…"
    "He looks distracted. Distracted, and disappointed. Looks like he's been betting a lot on my answering – or not being able to."
    "“Sorry for that”, is all I can say. Azzurra is equally apologetic. Then we turn around, and march through the doorway."
    A" See you later!"
    "We never speak of those puzzles from that day on."
    "I never know if Hanes ever gets the solution."
    "I never ask. For fear of having to try to answer it again."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thánh đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    NDO" Two out of three."
    "// Schellendorf"
    C0" I heard it with my own ears."
    NDO" In any case, that's good news."
    C0" In no small part thanks to your... arrangements."
    NDO" Arrangement is something we do, isn't it? The tavern has been most helpful, too."
    "The woman isn't alone, but standing with a group of a few. Men and women, old and young, an assorted bunch looking towards the same direction with razor-sharp gazes."
    "Then comes the wind. The wind shakes the trees on the roadside to the woman's left, as if to praise the great oak in the center of the opening. Oaks, being as they are, tend to live long. They say this one oak, most extraordinary of all, has been along for as long as the City has, and perhaps even longer."
    "Just like the woman's clan. Back in those good, old, forbidden days."
    C0" He did skip the third question. But I suppose it isn't that hard with his kind of intellect."
    NDO" Doesn't matter. It's not what I originally expected of him. Good enough that he could solve the first two. I do hope to get to talk to him some day – as someone to teach and to learn from."
    "There's a scent of grape wine on his lips: just light enough to let most know he'd had a drink or two that night."
    C0" I wouldn't bet on that."
    "The woman shrugs."
    "Man: Well, this is far enough. You might want to be off right about now, before we draw some suspicion from these kids."
    C0" You don't plan on seeing them any time soon?"
    "Man: Now's not yet the time. Let's give them a few more challenges just to test their mettle first."
    "Man: But now I need you to help me with this small thing..."
    C0" Right now?"
    "Hesitation. The man seems to note it from just those two words."
    "Man: Worried? Well, don't be. You know me and my arrangements. There's just one thing that only you can help me with."
    NDO" All you need to do, is to do what you've always intended to do, and watch the firework. That is all."
    C0"……."
    NDO" A big, big something is coming along... just nicely—"
    "The woman's shoulder heaves. She snatches what looks rather like a walking stick (but everyone knows isn't), and points towards the nearby chapel's bell tower."
    "Should be mutually beneficial, yes?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Con đường"
    "Thời gian: Chiều tối"
    "Dinner time has passed before I knew what happened. It's as if I've fallen into Hanes' meticulously planned time waster with that... silly trick question."
    "So has that been a mistake of any sort? Well, I know that, but at the very least, blaming Hanes was a good way of not blaming myself. Imagine having a pillar to lean on when your legs want to give way. It's just that Hanes isn't much of a pillar, most of the time."
    "But then, let's stop complaining about what I have or have not done. Azzurra and I are running all the way back home right about now. Azzurra is just behind my steps, while our very dear culprit is obviously staying where he belongs. To make matters worse, it is starting to drizzle: a cold breeze blows in the air like a multitude of whispering voices."
    Az" That's awesome, Ana. How could you solve such trick questions?"
    "Well, talk about being irrelevant and untimely."
    "I shrug."
    A" Not exactly, though. I left that very last one unaccounted for!"
    Az" That's better than most! How've you done that?"
    A" I'll tell you when we get back, 'kay?"
    Az" Nope and nope! Mind telling me right now?"
    "Well, I've had enough of praises for one day. It isn't like I have anything to say about that. Besides, it's rather unfitting to say anything save for silly flirting when we're being drenched from the rain, is it not?"
    "To think about it, that was a little fishy all right. What has a teacher, an engineer and a musician has in common when it comes to cracking murder cases? If it were something so common as a physics or logical quiz, it would be easy to take for granted."
    "Hmm... maybe there's more behind this question than I have given credit for?"
    A" Azu, do you know of any bar brawl around us lately?"
    "Outside of Mr. Ascenderos, I'm afraid I've heard of none of the sort."
    Az" That's a weird question now isn't it? Isn't that absolutely normal for grown-ups to punch each other after a stiff drink or two?"
    A" True."
    "I nod, but not entirely out of agreement. More than anyone else, I understand consulting Azzurra for anything other than food or certain types of books is not a thing for the wise to do. Yet I did so all the same. I suddenly feel like meeting those who came up with those three questions, and have nobody else I can quite ask at the immediate moment."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "The third person in particular – the one known as a teacher. That has to be some kind of genius with an astounding and frightening depth to him. Unless he'd prepared it beforehand, coming up with such a complicated question on the spot is virtually impossible for any halfway ordinary person. There has to be something behind it, for certain. I am sure my curiosity is well-founded."
    "Cảnh: Con đường"
    "Thời gian: Chiều tối"
    A" Eh?"
    A" Not feeling like walking any more, huh, Azzurra?"
    "Apparently in my thoughts, it seems I've left Azzurra behind a fair distance. It wasn't that I was going too briskly, but rather that Azzurra suddenly stood back as if entranced, like a statue in the rain."
    "I walk back to her and look – only then do I realize Azzurra has staring blinklessly at a direction not quite directly at me."
    "At about the same time, I start to notice some sort of commotion behind me. A coincidence, perhaps, though it wasn't like I could just ignore it."
    "A crowd and a rather large mess is now upon us."
    A" Wait, wait, what?"
    "What I am seeing is a crowd, as disorderly as in a market fair, coming from the general direction of the De'Rovere bridge towards the city central. Either I am wrong, or it was some kind of festivities."
    "That, and I can see glinting in the fading street light a certain number of things glittering like gold, and some sort of... dolls?"
    "Yes, I am sure I saw some dolls, intricately made, whose eyes were blinking like marbles as they shake and dance..."
    C0" Get those thieves!"
    "… That is all I can glean from the mess. It isn't exactly sharp or clear, so I can't be so certain that's what is really being spoken. I just know such noises were mingled into the footsteps of the crowd – maybe from within, maybe from without."
    "As far as I am from the commotion, it isn't like I can tell, not even if it had been something of the likes of the Iovis in the midst of its angry throes."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "The vast desert is, tonight, far from my dream."
    "In its place there is only a bleak blackness."
    "It's a mixed blessing, to be halfway positive."
    "I can't tell upon which ground my feet are treading, nor which surface my hands are touching."
    "Everything about me was so light, as if gravity has stopped being the cruel mistress she usually is."
    "Metaphysical as I sound, my soul is being equally weightless. It's like I am dying and is about to give up everything. Well, at least that's what I think a dying person would feel, being obviously so far from death and oblivion as I am."
    "Then again, there is not even a speck of sound in that world of shadows."
    "As dark as the endless cosmos and as lonesome as the deepest heart of hearts."
    "Has anyone ever been here? That might not be meant to be a rhetorical question, but I might have an inkling of an answer... a number, to be exact"
    "What good does that number do? I just know it feels like a spot of white amidst a sea of black, that would make you feel invariably drawn to it – floating about without a destination as it is."
    "I read it aloud, though in that darkness nobody can hear me scream. Only I can hear my own voice:"
    "9,192,631,770…i"
    "//Định nghĩa giây"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: tối-không đèn"
    "They often say evil spirits like to haunt innocent folks in the dead of night. Nobody say a man of the cloth would have the same habit – yet here he is."
    "Now before my eyes, as the night was still young, was that spectral presence of a certain Hanes, who has somehow found his way into my place unbidden and stands before me even as my thoughts struggle to form."
    "My first reaction was jumping up in a start. My second was screaming the lights out. The third, tossing a punch in his general direction that may or may not have connected."
    "This'd be my fourth reaction in a row."
    H" T-the fifth, actually."
    "Telepathy it might be, but that Hanes is apparently privy to thoughts of my own."
    "Now somehow I'm just able to maintain my calm – not angry nor screaming, as if the thing before me were just something akin to Mom's Caesar salad. Absolutely loathsome, but an acquired taste after a while. I take a deep breath and drown my drowsiness, and then begin:"
    A" What is the matter, Hanes?"
    H" Oh! F-follow me, please!"
    "Now why he was smiling, or what he was saying, I don't think I or anyone in my shoes would understand. I'd thought being so unfathomable was a prerogative only Father Fredo is entitled to, not my dear old Hanes."
    "Do I have a reason to care, though?"
    A" Nah. Good luck with whatever."
    "I don't, to be fair. Because I'd be rolling up in my blanket and fall back to sleep. That's exactly what I am doing."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" Eh? Ana... isn't going?"
    "Cảnh: Phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: tối – không đèn"
    "The addition of that second voice has shaken me off my immediate drowsiness."
    "None other than Azzurra, who has been standing right behind Hanes, for some reason. I've overlooked her until now, no thanks to the darkness. It's only when she sticks her head out from behind Hanes' rather large cloaked back did I notice her braid, shaking like a puppy wagging her tail."
    "A metaphor, that's all it is. No offense to either Azzurra nor good puppies."
    Az" What are you mumbling about?"
    "Azzurra's face is now uncomfortably close to mine."
    Az" Let's go, let's go!"
    "It' hyper-mode Azzurra yet again. Creator preserve me, what have I done to deserve this?"
    A" N-now hang on a second! Where to?"
    "It's hard not to yell as I did. Imagine being tormented by both a nagging drowsiness and Azu at her worst."
    "What really matters is that I was being maybe a little too loud, for Azzurra quickly lets go of my hand."
    A" S-sorry for that."
    "Azzurra (rươm rướm):………."
    H" W-well, is-is it not time to get st-straight to the point? D-don't make Az-Azzurra cry, would you?"
    "I have to admit, Hanes, at least when he puts on his understanding-cleric-in-training hat, can be a surprisingly competent force of reconciliation."
    A" Fine, fine, I'm going. But at least tell me where to."
    "That has made rather certain there's no way I can just drift back to sleep again now."
    Az" Not sure!"
    "Those two words just have the same effect, except worse."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: tối- không đèn"
    A" Where do we go now, Hanes?"
    "I may or may not have yelled at Azzurra for basically being Azzurra – as in, going all excited at the happenstance without exactly knowing what she's getting into."
    "Is it any surprise she's murmuring at me like I'm the bad guy here?"
    Az" Well, friends have to have faith in one another, right?"
    "Not the time, nor the place, my dear Azzurra."
    H" Well, uh..."
    H" We're on an ex-excursion."
    "//Dừng nhạc"
    A" Wait, what?"
    "What is it with me and getting tangled in muddled businesses?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    H" W-well, this is f-far enough."
    "The bell tower has just chimed six in the morning in the distance, too. We've run off a long way, into the forest in the outskirt."
    H" T-that was... s-something."
    "He sits down on the spot, and breathes out as if it were his last."
    A" Now can you please tell me what on earth has happened?"
    H" T-tell what?"
    "I stomp on the rock next to the poor dude, and press my face close to his."
    A" Hanes. You have never been one to feign innocence."
    A" And as a chap just having his beauty sleep wasted, I am rather sure I am privy to the reason. Am I not, my friend?"
    H" W-well..."
    "Hanes is trembling. Well, to be fair on him, having my sleep interrupted tends to do that to me, though mostly I know I have to put the pressure on lest he invent some ridiculous story or another."
    "Maybe I was being too overly cautious, it's just Hanes."
    "But then there is also the matter of the pop quiz he fed us last night. I'm sure he's up to something – or someone has put him up to something, I can't tell exactly which. I'm in luck: judging from his panic, he hasn't expected I would respond like I did."
    H" L-long story, a-actually. L-let me catch a breath..."
    H" T-the truth is…"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    A" WAIT, WHAT?"
    A" You're saying Father Fredo already knows what we are up to?"
    Az" Shush!"
    Az" It's a s-e-c-r-e-t, remember? I've got to keep it down, for the Creator's sake!"
    "There was that certain sense of triumph in Azu's voice. Perhaps that was well-founded – if she hadn't spoke, I might have forgotten she is actually there."
    H" T-that's right, Azzurra. T-that's the c-crux of the m-matter. M-my friend! Like the blue sky up there, you are! Open and soft, and ever so considerate. Are you not my idol?"
    "Let's just say Hanes must have picked up his errant-knight speech pattern from somewhere. Somewhere that isn't science, or proper literature."
    H"And y-you, too, dear Anatolio Pietro, my companion so trusted! The cavalier in bright mail of steel and silver like a true retainer of a house so noble! Y-you do w-want to know where I have learnt such c-courtly manneri-mannerism, no? Though I shall not tell to you, but re-reserve them to beauteous ladies who - YOWCH!"
    A" That's enough ridiculousness for one morning!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    H" J-just wanted to change the at-atmosphere somewhat!"
    "Took me a shove or two, too. Hanes' eyes are going wet."
    A" So it isn't that you're playing for time to invent an excuse or another?"
    "Well, I know you can be rather persuasive an actor if and when you want to!"
    "Hanes clutches his temples."
    H" H-haven't I said all that I know?"
    A" Hmph. Let's give it the benefit of the doubt."
    A" So Father Fredo heard?"
    "I paraphrase in my mind Hanes' overly lengthy narration. And true to my imagination, all I get from him this time is a curt “A-aye”."
    A" And he got really, really mad?"
    "A single nod."
    A" And then you had a row with him?"
    A" And then you made him a... bet?"
    H" T-that's all there is to it."
    A" Your daring is starting to astonish I who have known you for long, Hanes."
    "My voice cannot be more disdainful even if I wanted it to be.  "
    "Well, in any case the story isn't as grave as I initially thought. This is what happened, if I am to summarize in about a twentieth as many words as Hanes has used: Somehow Father Fredo overheard our discussion in Hanes' room (how that was possible is beyond me, since the room is pretty much sound-proof while the priest himself wasn't supposed to be at the chapel at the time, but I am getting ahead of myself)."
    "Then he asked Hanes after our deal."
    "Then they got into a row, again, somehow."
    "	Now contrary to his normal personality, Hanes swore to the priest, practically guaranteeing the non-blasphemous and non-sinful nature of what we are doing, so we can continue to do what we're doing."
    "	To my sleep-addled understanding, that's what happened."
    H" W-well, you know Father Fredo might be a bit o-old-fashioned. B-but he's not un-unreasonable."
    "Hanes is, of course, being optimistic. According to him, this is as good a time as any for us to start operating in the light rather than the dark."
    A" Hold on a second!"
    A" That being the case... why in the Creator's name are we even talking about it like little sneaks in the forest at this time of day?"
    "As I said: My sleep-addled brain is not exactly in its best shape."
    "Hanes (trố mắt):………"
    H" Ah, w-well..."
    H" I've... m-made a promise to F-father Fredo, you s-see..."
    Az" Well, that's not natural, you know, Hanes? What did you promise Father Fredo? It's not as simple as a single guarantee, no?"
    "Exactly what I wanted to ask. When even Azzurra sees it, Hanes' attitude does draw a lot of question to itself."
    "It might be just me, but I'm rather sure Hanes' sigh is prefaced with an expression looking suspiciously like a smirk."
    "Or I might be hallucinating. I've never been a morning person."
    H" N-nothing, actually. It's j-just that I've promised F-father Fredo to do what we can to make s-something to help the folks of the N-northwest to better their life – one s-sort of a water sup-supply system or another.."
    A" Water supply? Northwestern folks?"
    H" A-aye. And one m-month is all we g-get. Y-you know. S-so let's get a h-head start and such. I've... m-made some calculations o-of my own. W-we can make a w-wooden re-reservoir up h-high, or some-something like so. T-that w-would be ideal f-for a water solution. We'll n-need a truly enormous quantity of l-lumber though. T-that's why I've brought us here."
    A" So that's it, huh? I think I got it."
    A" Hanes, you've gotten us into a terrible, terrible mess."
    "So that's why he's prepared some axes, right behind the tree Hanes is standing. Blame my sleepy head for not seeing them before. That might cost me my life some day."
    H" G-good that you do. S-so, where shall we begin? Sh-shall we ch-chop us some lumber? O-or come up with a sch-schematic or two?"
    A" No."
    H" O-or shall we get some fresh b-breakfast first? Azzurra's getting hungry, right?"
    A" No and no. We're leaving."
    H" Eh?"
    A" Leaving. As in back to bed."
    A" Do forgive me for not believing you as much as you think I would. Even if I did, I don't think Anatolio Pietro is a creature made only to solve whatever puzzle that you invent out of the complete blue, my friend."
    H" B-but..."
    A" Sorry, but no. Azu, let's be off."
    Az" Eh? What about Hanes?"
    A" My dear Azu, if you want to get yourself dragged into whatever nonsense Hanes has in mind, then be my guest. This is not just a few harmless tavern quizzes any more."
    A" He made his bet, he's got to clean up after himself."
    Az" W-wait, Ana! Ana! Wait for me!"
    H" Uh... guys? G-guys?"
    Az" S-sorry about that!"
    "Azzurra is murmuring even as she trails after me."
    "And so we left Hanes behind just as the sun dawns in the East."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    Az" Ana? Are we just leaving Hanes like that?"
    A" Well, what am I supposed to do?"
    Az" Can't we just, I don't know, lend him a hand? Aren't you worried? Hanes doesn't look too well, does he?"
    "I guess I'll have to take her words for it. After all, I didn't look at his face then, but she did. Besides, Azzurra can be surprisingly sensitive when the time comes."
    "But then the fact of the matter is that sheer feeling and sentiment has nothing to do with the weight of what Hanes has just dragged us into (correction: what Hanes wants to drag us into)."
    A" So you're trying to tell me, we should come back and embark on a hare-brained quest to build a reservoir that adults are having trouble with, in a Creator-forsaken backwater county that we aren't even going to see any time soon. How is that supposed to make any logical sense?"
    Az" But at least it's a practical idea! If we can somehow build a really, really high water tower, all we need is a working pipeline and we can spare a lot of people a lot of effort fetching water!"
    "That's basic hydraulics."
    A" You make it sound so easy."
    Az" Don't you agree, Ana?"
    A" Okay. Let me tell you what. Sure, let's assume we can make one reservoir or ten. Let's assume wood is perfectly waterproof, which it kind of isn't. How are we even going to get so much water up there?"
    Az" Can't we just pour water into it?"
    A" That actually costs people more effort than if they'd do it normally!"
    "Azzurra (mút tay): …………"
    A" Look, I think if we were going to do that, we'd need something else. Something to pump water up that high."
    A" A working water pump."
    Az" Well, how about you get one working? You know how to, don't you?"
    A" Merciful Creator, Azzurra. Do you really think making a working mechanism is just as easy as having a concept? Even I would need to do some more research into the matter!"
    A" That's not even counting logistics, too. I'll have to talk to Dad if we want to transport that much material back and forth."
    Az" Ah! So you aren't just going to leave Hanes, right? Right?"
    "//Azzurra nhảy nhảy"
    A" The first order of business is to calm down, would you please? I'm not promising anything. If I can't find a way, I can't find a way."
    Az" But you can! I'm more than certain you can, Ana!"
    Az" I just know Ana isn't the sort who'd abandon friends!"
    A" Call me Ana again, and we'll can the whole business."
    "//Azzurra nhảy nhảy xung quanh"
    A" Good. Mind telling Hanes about the deal?"
    "//Azzurra mút tay 1s"
    "//Azzurra hứng khởi"
    Az" Roger!"
    A" Oh, and by the way…"
    Az" Huh?"
    A" The Northwest is not known for its warmth."
    "***"
    "< NOTE 2: …That which I call—"
    "Cảnh: Thánh điện"
    "Thời gian: Sáng - Quá khứ"
    " //Thu hẹp chiều cao khung hình lại."
    "The color of the wall matches the sunlight."
    "The wall's matches the scarf's."
    "And the scarf's goes well with faces pale."
    "And so it is that the whole chapel has turned so monochrome in a Saturday morning, supposed to be so warm and colorful."
    "He is certain not even the specks of seemingly animate dust can forget the happening about them."
    "There the sunlight, then dancing on the white flowers blossoming about a brown-painted casket, then resting upon the most holy symbol of the Creator."
    "Then it sings, too, in a  language of its own, in a silent symphony with the many bouquets lining around it."
    "A dirge as fine as any to welcome the man sleeping within back to the arms of the Creator."
    "Somewhere above, the Creator is certainly watching on, His gaze peaceful. His presence graces his wayward child with that last peace he deserves. The All-Father and his lost son, now finally reuniting, that's how it is. That's how it's meant to be."
    "Then the musical choir begins, in unison."
    "And so a mortal man returns to the Creator."
    "And so a believer journeys to the Paradise where he shall remain in eternal bliss."
    "A parting hymn, most holy and exalted."
    "That, at the very least, is how it is supposed to be."
    "“…………………..”"
    "It sounded as if the choir is echoing over from the great Vitus itself far away."
    "Father Fredo presented himself in a robe of black, as was his wont. He faced the altar, once every so often turning a glance at the congregation below. And then once every so often he'd sigh. Regret, of one sort or another, filled his presence."
    "Dozens had already left while the rest were following the casket, some lifting it to the large funerary wagon. The three draft horses neighed, perhaps a little startled at the sheer number just as so many white petals from the bouquets drift to the ground. Quite a few kids, innocent and carefree as they are, leaped to grab them, looking at those petals so sacred as if they were mere toys."
    "As for the adults, some tried to stop them, others turned them a blind eye. That's how the departed man is, they say: generous and unfettered, and wouldn't fuss too much about the whole business."
    "And then there were a few who remain behind. The road was long, and the walk wasn't too appealing for those who didn't know the departed man so well. They did hang around, however, talking about the fostered grandchild he's left behind."
    "She was barely thirteen, they say, and had only been the deceased's foster granddaughter for a little more than a couple years. Throughout the ceremony, she stood there, wearing the funeral garbs, and neither spoke nor cried."
    "Behind her stood a young boy around her age, standing with his family. None has said a single word, or betrayed a single tear. They just stood there. Like demons petrified."
    "Father Fredo stood to the left of the small trail. He remained solemn as he was supposed to be, and kept a close eye on everything. He wore no glass today, and almost forgot the holy hat he should always put atom his head. He'd also broken the flower vase before his friend's casket."
    "It hadn't been a good day by all accounts. He was, after all, feeling his age."
    "A Church official among the lot sent to assist Fredo with his task whispered something in his ears. They wanted to stay behind in the chapel to clean up the mess. Well, he couldn't blame them. They simply weren't involved enough to embark on a long and fruitless trek from one side of the river to the other for the sake of a man who didn't quite belong one way or another."
    "So Father Fredo had nodded. Not that he had any better option, nor needed one."
    "When the funeral wagon began rolling, only the fostered grandchild, the Pietro household, the wagon drivers, the funeral assistants and the priest himself remained with the departed."
    "And maybe some of the more curious elements of the general public."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Mộ"
    "Thời gian: Sáng – Quá khứ"
    "…Autov de o kuriov hmwn ihsouv cristov kai o yeov kai pathr hmwn o agaphsav hmav kai douv paraklhsin aiwnian kai elpida agayhn en cariti."
    "parakalesai umwn tav kardiav kai sthrixai umav en panti logw kai ergw agayw"
    "Thessalonica, 16- 17:2."
    "And so the casket was lowered into the grave."
    "And yet the old priest felt as if it was his own mind that was being entombed."
    "He returned to the congregation, his hands now steadying, way more than they were when he was holding the holy book. “A mite heavy for his age, innit?” people said. He didn't exactly need those comments to know, every fiber of his muscle was already failing him in such age as he was."
    "To speak no falsehood, he was in no small amount of jealousy. Not exactly befitting of a good shepherd, or even a good man of the faith by all accounts."
    "Maybe it would be less sinful if he admitted he was being jealous of himself. His very mind in particular was jealous of his aging limbs. It questions itself, if it had well and truly gotten old, and why his limbs got to be old while that mind of his remains so sharp."
    "And there it was, the ugly truth, that his body in all its flaws had been growing weaker while his mind remains true – and therefore tormented with the pains of old that never quite go away. That was far worse than any physical ailment, that he'd be so tortured by old tragedies and regrets."
    "Think of the tortures of an iron maiden saved for the most filthy of apostates, then make them worse, that's how he felt every passing moment. Not least being the sheer helplessness, that his arms and legs were as they are: cold and shaking."
    "Jealous, too, was he of that good old chap sleeping six feet under. Ah, that blasted old fool, always being just better than he was from an age so tender. He'd been good at school, he'd been sharp, he'd been so free to do whatever he wanted."
    " He recalled those lazy afternoons, where the kids would play tag around the Crooked Man's Bridge, once every so often tossing rocks at old Coco's fat hens prancing about. Well, at least the tossing rocks part was the late fellow's idea."
    "And who took the blame for the prank again? Not Tiziano, the tramp, who had ever been so swift on his feet, but Fredo himself and a couple of his then-innocent playmates."
    "It was no surprise that the boy who would become a priest in the distant future regularly wished his dastardly pal some sort of payback. Go to sleep, he'd wished, go to sleep and never wake up again and bring trouble to Fredo's lot."
    "Now the blasted fellow has just done exactly that."
    "Just as he normally did, he'd left behind his everything, his worships, his research, and a whole lot of trouble and regret that is now Fredo's alone. Accursed old fool, part of the old priest mumbles."
    "It might be easy to wipe off the tears on one's face, but not so much those that well up deep within. For whom he was weeping, Father Fredo didn't know for certain. He could only look to Creator, and pray for his infinite Mercy."
    "Then he looked to the two children. The girl, orphaned and abandoned and without much of an identity. The boy, practically a grandson to his late friend. There they held in their arms the books that old Tiziano was penning."
    "What did he write in that last moment of his life as his heart stopped? Tiziano's last sentence – his last words – still looked like a peculiarity to Massimiliano Fredo: Why, and how, was such an effort committed."
    "“That's the book the man was writing just as he died. Poor girl.” whispered a widow."
    "Those who have lost loved ones tend to be more sympathetic than the faceless everyone."
    "“It's all right,” he tells the widow. “Then he steps forward, to where the trees' shade cannot obscure his eyes."
    "He looks to the deep blue sky."
    "“Look, old pal,” Fredo smiled deep beneath his surface, “the sky remains blue, as does the girl you saved.”"
    "***"
    "MOVEMENT 3: TIZIANO"
    "Cảnh: Con đường ngoại ô"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It's been how long again, since old Ines' passing?"
    "Ever since, Azzurra would visit his grave every year on his death anniversary. Never without, I may add, a sorrowful face."
    "Azzurra (ảo não):……………."
    "The City's great graveyard is situated towards the Northwest, in the middle of, one can say, nowhere. You need to cross the great Astraea over a bridge very old. The De'Rovere clan's built no bridge of stone here, no sir – needless to say not very many would visit the place."
    "So obviously we can't mke that journey in our lonesome. We have someone to help us with that, who, by the way, happen to be..."
    "Mr Pietro: It's a nice day that we've got everyone with our little congregation, no?"
    "Dad pulls the rein and laughs heartily."
    H" A-aye, so it s-seems."
    "Hanes looks both overeager – and as he whispers into my ear, really doesn't sound so keen."
    H" H-hey, a-are you t-telling me these pe-people are tagging a-along?"
    "Hanes steals a glance at the rather uncomfortably large group of people clad in black riding in several commensurately large carriages behind us. Dad isn't all to pleased to see them, too, though they have not reacted in one way or another. Perhaps they'd been so used to be viewed upon with such disdain, they no longer give our displeasure a rat's behind."
    A" Well, that's the job she gave them. I wouldn't resist if I were them."
    "The 'she' I mentioned, by the way, is by no means the sorrowful young lady in blue friend to both myself and Hanes. That's too silly for words."
    Az"……………"
    "Does Azzurra look like someone capable of such deed, in any case? I think not."
    "Yes, I did mean someone else, you know. I think I don't have to clarify who that other person is, but then just for the sake of records I'll still spare some moments to recount the root of this incredible happenstance."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: khu rứng"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    A" I give up."
    "Azzurra and Hanes: Eeeeh?"
    A" I've read quite a few books, and from what I gather, there's no way we can do what we need to do in just a single month."
    A" Unless, of course, a miracle."
    H" T-that's no good! I-I've already made my o-oath! H-how can you g-give up without trying, Anatolio? I-is that n-not what you taught me?"
    A" That is what I did. But then there is giving up before trying, and then there is complete, utter fable."
    A" My dear Hanes, let's look at it this way: There are three of us. No funding, no physical power, no permission, nothing. How are we supposed to even build a single rickety platform much less a water tower?"
    A" Even if we had something like a hundred men from the Duke's own household, which is again utter fable, how are we getting everything, from calculations, planning, assigning workers, procuring material... to actually building the thing, done in a single month?"
    A" That's so silly it defies words!"
    "I pat him on the shoulder."
    A" There's nothing we can do. Better wise up and give up, pal."
    "Now I should also spare a few words on the Northwest. It used to be Aurora territories back in those tumultuous days a generation before. Now it's completely cordoned off – some say the Church is afraid of the ghosts of a movement long trampled. Fact of the matter is, you can't get there so easily. I've heard Dad saying that beyond the inhabitable lands held by House De'Rovere and their vassals, the weather is as bad as it gets: too hot in summer, and all frozen in winter. It is almost as if it has been created by the Creator's curses rather than blessings."
    "So if we are to build something of the caliber Hanes foolishly promised, we would need a great pump and an equally great aqueduct and pipeline system leading from the Astraea itself or further. Preferably an underground system, too, so as to take advantage of what reserves there are underneath the ice if push comes to shove. As I said, we need at the very least scores of laborers with a phenomenal amount of material, starting right away."
    "We aren't, obviously, in possession of any of that."
    A" Best course of action is return to Father Fredo and apologize to him. Or make a better deal next time."
    "It is a declaration of failure, as little as I am to blame for the entire debacle."
    "Hanes (ủ rủ): ……………."
    A" Having said that, I think I should be off.."
    "Elena (đột ngột xuất hiện, rất to): Well, did someone say a hundred laborers?"
    A" !!!"
    "//Elena nhỏ lại. Màn hình nảy lên."
    "Like something of a honed reflex, I leap out of the spot I was standing. Because there Elena De'Rovere has jumped, as if she's been stalking the lot of us for a while now – and was she trying to grab me again?"
    E" What's the matter, Ana? Not feeling like an embrace?"
    A" Oh, please, please!"
    E" So, tell Elena. What is the matter? And why would Ana need so many workers? Morning bug-catching, perhaps? Or llama-racing?"
    H" S-something of th-the sort, I am s-sure."
    "Hanes can't really tell a good lie to save his life. The way he was trying to look away from Elena like a little boy caught without his homework, I'm not sure if he really want this noble girl into the “in” of what we're doing."
    "Well, guess what, old pal. I've got other plans."
    "Cảnh: khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ."
    E" It really isn't that hard to get one hundred."
    "Cảnh: khu rừng"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    "Maybe it's a miracle, or maybe it's foul witchcraft, but a rope to save you from drowning is still a rope. Elena has made herself into the guardian angel I need (though not necessarily the one I deserve)"
    "It might even be a bargain with the devil, or whatever."
    "In short, I'll take it."
    "I'll definitely take this one."
    "I take a deep breath, and ignore Hanes' silent (yet frantic) protests."
    A" You really want to know, don't you? Well, here's the deal..."
    "***"
    ""
    "Cảnh: con đường ngoại ô"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    "Elena (cười tít): Now Elena has some extremely important business of her own. Please remain behind and follow Master Anatolio's direction. Should problems arise, look for Elena tomorrow and sort it out with her directly. Clear?"
    DD" Yes, Your Ladyship!"
    E" Master Ana's order is like Elena's, keep that in mind!"
    DD" Yes, Master Ana!"
    A" Please don't drop half of my name for the sake of the Creator!"
    DD" Certainly, Master Tolio!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Con đường ngoại ô"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "And before I can pinch myself in the cheek, I've found myself at the helm of a very, very large crowd of laborer in the pay of House De'Rovere."
    "Well, one thing I can say right now, it feels good to be in charge."
    "According to my direction (which bears the same weight as Elena's), they'd follow us to the Northwest. That's where we'll run this gauntlet because of a completely nonsensical bet."
    "Speaking of which, I am not entirely sure if that “request” was truly Hanes' suggestion, or an impossible challenge Father Fredo thought would be a good way to dissuade us from what we've sworn to do. Seeing Hanes' avoidance, I think the latter is a safer bet."
    "I've heard... things, about Father Fredo's past and how he dealt with Aurora members back in the day. I wouldn't say he's full of trickery, but then he'd certainly know how to manipulate people to whatever greater good he subscribes to."
    "It would be so ironic being treated the same way as rebels by Father Fredo. I certainly hope we wouldn't end up like them if this little expedition for Science! goes awry."
    "Then again, I might well be thinking overly much for my own good. That's what the weird way Azu looks at me seems to hint at."
    "I guess a bit of explanation on Azzurra's state of mind is in order. It seems she'd almost forgotten Mr. Ines' death anniversary this year, until I told Dad about our little expedition. He wasted no time reminding us of the day we both so very nearly missed."
    "Should I be happy that Azzurra is beginning to overcome, directly or otherwise, the pain of losing her foster grandfather? Or should I cloak myself in the same blanket of regret she'd no doubt put on herself?"
    "I'll be honest. This stuffy atmosphere is making me go mad, and it isn't even my fault."
    "I've got to do something."
    "But what?"
    "Choice 6.5"
    "1.	Strike a conversation with Azzurra"
    "2.	Ask Dad for some sort of “intervention”"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.5 = 1"
    A" Hey Azzurra. What's the matter? Travel sickness?"
    "Azzurra (ngó lơ): ………"
    A" Hey, Azu! City to Azzurra! Hello?"
    Az" Eh? Ah! You're... saying something, Ana? P-pardon me!"
    A" Look. Azzurra. I... well, I know it's not easy for you to come here, but that doesn't... well, that shouldn't mean carrying that gloomy face all the way, should it? That isn't good for you, y'know?"
    "Azzurra (nhìn sang bên): Actually... it's not that I'm gloomy."
    Az" It's the flowers."
    A" The... flowers?"
    "Azzurra (nhìn về phía Ana): Don't you smell it? It's all over the place!"
    "Azzurra takes a huge breath. It looks to me as if she'd think that such amazing aroma were a limited resource and would perish in a heartbeat."
    "Now that reminds me. That aroma wasn't there the last time I came along. It is a fragrance so memorable, yet so delicate – so close yet so far, and stimulates the senses in the same breath as the wet grass."
    "The aroma of curiosity and dreams and childlike aspiration."
    P" That's, lad, what we call 'snow flower'"
    Az" Snow flower?"
    P" That's the one. The egg-heads call them Alyssa, as if that helps."
    P" It's so tiny, and grows in clusters, you see. Spring's when it blooms, and is quite a familiar thing to those who'd visit graves at the time. But then somehow for a few years now someone managed to make them bloom all years long."
    P" And that brings us back to the present: Nice fragrance, no?"
    P" How's that for a change?"
    Az" It's amazing!"
    "That it is, Azzurra. That it is."
    "Wait, hold on."
    "Didn't Dad say someone is making them bloom all years long? But isn't this place –"
    Az" But... Uncle? Who could have grown it here? And make it grow all year long too! That's really something, right?"
    Az" Why haven't they brought it back to the City? I'm sure that'll sell like hot cakes!"
    "As if on cue, Dad's face pales."
    P" Short answer is, they can't."
    Az" Eh?"
    "A warning bell goes off in my head"
    A" Could they be—"
    H" Aurora members – or sympathizers. Those who caused Mane cruentum. Forsaken by the Creator, and by all His children."
    "Hanes' voice, from absolutely nowhere, sounds so strangely cold and vindictive. And strangely, free from stuttering."
    H" Years ago they were the enemy. Broken and vanquished and punished for their sin against the Creator, they were left here – away from His light and mercy, never to return."
    H" Anatolio. Azzurra. Y-you see. F-Father Fredo himself has n-never quite been to t-these places. Y-yet they're always in his t-thoughts. I-I wonder if he h-has p-plans of his own, sending us to do this, d-don't you think?"
    H" I b-bet he n-never thought they are able to male things s-such as this."
    "And then Azzurra looks Hanes straight in the eyes."
    Az" But Hanes? Have you ever thought that might be a bit too harsh on them?"
    Az" True, what they do wasn't right. But then again, isn't it innately evil to be curious? We aren't going to learn anything new without curiosity!"
    Az" I say they deserve sympathy for the wonders they've been able to make, not scorn! Isn't it too extreme to burn books and deny all that they've discovered? Like what we-"
    A" Shush!"
    "I am, miraculously, able to shut down Azzurra's storm of emotions before any permanent harm is done. Don't get me wrong: I'm rather in agreement with Azzurra, but exposing our little secrets before the proud-and-pious Mr. Pietro? Bad idea, pal. Really bad idea."
    "As for Hanes? He's wised up enough to keep his thoughts to himself."
    "The air about us has suddenly condensed – I can cut it with a knife. Not even I can say anything to help with that."
    "In the meantime, the fragrance is closing on us – stronger and infinitely more suffocating."
    "Certain things, it seems to me, is only beautiful and admirable when felt from afar."
    "A good while has passed before we arrive at the cemetery. A good, long while."
    "//Goto ChoiceOut 6.5"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.5 = 2"
    "I whisper my intention to Dad."
    "And Dad, being Dad, takes it with a string of laughter and a self-important smirk."
    P" Kiddos. There's an ongoing, ahem, request for a comedy show. Who's with me?"
    "Azzurra (ngó lơ): …"
    "Hanes (trố mắt): …?"
    P" Well? Don't I have any taker?"
    "That's a pretty poor line for a would-be comedian, though."
    H" Ah! I-in that case, p-please go on right ahead! It-it isn't like we h-have anything better in mind!"
    "Your lack of sincerity is showing, pal."
    "Mr. Pietro (ỉu xìu): Well, darn. //hết ỉu xìu// Very well, trivia time! Got a small question for the lot of you!"
    "Azzurra (trố mắt): ……"
    "I tap Azzurra on the shoulder. Up she wakes with a start, like a beauty just awakened from a slumber of a thousand years."
    P" Noticed the flower, kids?"
    A" Flower? What flower?"
    P" What I mean, son, is whether your nose caught any aroma!"
    H" As a m-matter of fact, y-yes, sir."
    Az" Me too! It's amazing! Like... I can't ever get tired of it!"
    Az" All I need is some soft violin, and I can fall asleep right here!"
    Az" So... peaceful..."
    P" Am I glad that you like it, lass. And you, son, I might be looking into getting your nose fixed soon, because that sounds broken to me."
    "Not helping, Dad."
    "In any case, it isn't like I haven't noticed that strange aroma."
    "It is a fragrance so memorable, yet so delicate – so close yet so far, and stimulates the senses in the same breath as the wet grass."
    "The aroma of curiosity and dreams and childlike aspiration."
    "Now that reminds me. That aroma wasn't there the last time I came along."
    P" Right, right, right. Kids, listen up: What flower do you think that is?"
    Az" Ooh, let me guess! Isn't that rose?"
    A" Might be lilies. Perhaps a funeral procession has just passed by?"
    "It's not that odd to encounter a funeral procession on the way to, you know, a cemetery. For want of any real knowledge of flowers and their language, I'm sure that's the most rational, educated guess I can make."
    Az" Are you seriously going there, Ana?"
    A" And what's wrong with that? It's just what it is: A guess. Azzurra, pal, you're sure you aren't overthinking things?"
    Az" Did not! Just ask Uncle Pietro!"
    A" Sure, sure, I stand by my guess either way."
    Az" And I'm one hundred percent sure it's rose! Which makes you wrong and your guess wrong!"
    A" Well, you know what they say: Educated guess beats uneducated guess nine times out of ten."
    Az" Who're you calling uneducated?"
    P" Hah. Entertaining, kids, but that's enough from you lot. Because you're both wrong, ha! Who'd think that!"
    P" And you, Hanes? Wanna give it a shot?"
    H" I-I'll pass, thank you v-very much!"
    P" Guesses are free, just so you know, kid."
    H" Uh—"
    A" Well, Dad, Hanes has never been known for his boldness before the unknown. Why not tell us right now?"
    P" Ah, fine, fine. The answer is-"
    H" Alyssa."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" Uh?"
    P" And there chimes the bell! You won today's first prize – one round of applause from yours truly for your worldly knowledge!"
    A" Wait, what? You never praise me for crying out loud, and you're my dad! What are you thinking, Messer Pietro, sir?"
    P" Well, maybe that's because you haven't done anything deserving of real applause?"
    "I feel as if every single blood vessel on my face has just simultaneously imploded."
    A" DAD!"
    "Meanwhile, Azzurra is just about giggling – at my expense. But not for long: her curiosity soon takes over, and she turns around to a Hanes, whose face betrays both some pride and a lot of bashfulness."
    Az" Hey, hey, Hanes? How did you know that? I'm not sure I even know the name – and I'm supposed to be the flower expert around here!"
    H" Ah! C-coincid-dental, that w-was. Just a m-month ago we've got this m-meeting at the Chapel. They gave him a small bouq- I mean, a small ball of flowers, just-just like these!"
    "Azzurra (nghiêng đầu): Why call it a ball of flower?"
    H" Azzurra, my dear, t-that was my q-question too! But then I r-realized-"
    P" Well, you're right, lad. It's called Alyssa. Tiny, it is, and rather white. Or purple, if nature feels like it. They grow into the likeness of a sphere, see? That's why some refers to it as a flower ball."
    "Dad interrupts Hanes before he can continue."
    P" Grows only in spring, too, so we don't smell them often when we visit the cemetary. Though since last year, the local managed to somehow grow it all year long. So here we have it!"
    "He rapid-fires his speech, as if fearing a kid a third his age would usurp his position of authority, Or perhaps, just like me, he's afraid Hanes would ask him questions he can't answer.."
    P" How's that, kiddos?"
    "Dad is just dripping with arrogance. I know it."
    Az" It's amazing!"
    "That it is, Azzurra. That it is. Still, that's no excuse to give my old man that pride he didn't quite deserve-"
    "Wait, hold on."
    "Didn't Dad say someone is making them bloom all years long? But isn't this place –"
    Az" But... Uncle? Who could have grown it here? And make it grow all year long too! That's really something, right?"
    Az" Why haven't they brought it back to the City? I'm sure that'll sell like hot cakes!"
    "As if on cue, Dad's face pales."
    P" Short answer is, they can't."
    Az" Eh?"
    "A warning bell goes off in my head"
    A" Could they be—"
    H" Aurora members – or sympathizers. Those who caused Mane cruentum. Forsaken by the Creator, and by all His children."
    "Hanes' voice, from absolutely nowhere, sounds so strangely cold and vindictive. And strangely, free from stuttering."
    H" Years ago they were the enemy. Broken and vanquished and punished for their sin against the Creator, they were left here – away from His light and mercy, never to return."
    H" Anatolio. Azzurra. Y-you see. F-Father Fredo himself has n-never quite been to t-these places. Y-yet they're always in his t-thoughts. I-I wonder if he h-has p-plans of his own, sending us to do this, d-don't you think?"
    H" I b-bet he n-never thought they are able to male things s-such as this."
    "And then Azzurra looks Hanes straight in the eyes."
    Az" But Hanes? Have you ever thought that might be a bit too harsh on them?"
    Az" True, what they do wasn't right. But then again, isn't it innately evil to be curious? We aren't going to learn anything new without curiosity!"
    Az" I say they deserve sympathy for the wonders they've been able to make, not scorn! Isn't it too extreme to burn books and deny all that they've discovered? Like what we-"
    A" Shush!"
    "I am, miraculously, able to shut down Azzurra's storm of emotions before any permanent harm is done. Don't get me wrong: I'm rather in agreement with Azzurra, but exposing our little secrets before the proud-and-pious Mr. Pietro? Bad idea, pal. Really bad idea."
    "As for Hanes? He's wised up enough to keep his thoughts to himself."
    "The air about us has suddenly condensed – I can cut it with a knife. Not even I can say anything to help with that."
    "In the meantime, the fragrance is closing on us – stronger and infinitely more suffocating."
    "Certain things, it seems to me, is only beautiful and admirable when felt from afar."
    "A good while has passed before we arrive at the cemetery. A good, long while."
    "//Goto ChoiceOut 6.5"
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 6.5"
    "Cảnh: Khu nghĩa trang"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "We set our foot upon the cemetery's cobblestone pavings just as the morning crosses into the afternoon."
    "Azzurra looks rather spent. To be honest, so am I. But then I am a gentleman, and behaves as a gentleman should – as in, helping her off the carriage."
    "By the way, Azzurra was right. The carriage today is just a tad slower than it normally is."
    "Or, to be more precise, it is still technically the early afternoon, yet thanks to some sort of divinely-ordained arrangement, there was not a single ray of burning sunlight. There is only that kind of gentle, caressing radiance, blanketing over every blade of grass – a color of yellow so very light, dotted with specks of green."
    "Before us stands the tallest among the Vitus range. Invicta is the name, and accordingly majestic is its stature."
    "Up there, atop the highest summit, arches a great rainbow, like a gigantic drawbridge into the realm of the Creator, framed by a curtain of thin fog and the twinkle of water reflecting sunlight. It only comes to an abrupt stop as it meets the great wall of stone that is the Vitus itself: tall, majestic, impenetrable."
    "You need only take a couple hours in that particular direction, and the snow flower's aroma would become so apparent."
    "Leaving Azzurra kneeling before Mr. Ines' gravestone whispering to the man six feet under, Dad takes the rest of us up the hill. It is, after all, a beautiful day and an opportunity to see the horizon for what it is."
    "As we moves deeper into the cemetery, the graves become more and more disorderly. So many gravestones besieged by shriveled weed, dotting the landscape as far as the eyes can see. A certain feeling of desolation thus invades us, in spite of the clear sky."
    "The weed has grown long, shriveling and huddled together into tangled clumps, like an army of besieging the tombstones that never stood a chance. They'd brush up against our legs with every step, and sparing no chance to attach themselves to our clothes."
    "To give credit where credit is due, weed IS known for its persistence."
    "How Dad can brave the field without troubled in the least by this field of annoying grass might well be a mystery for the ages. Me? It is just as you've guessed: suffice to say this has turned into something of an obstacle course."
    "I would have been better off just following Hanes' example and keeping Azzurra company, for real."
    "Dad halts at the broken-down wall, pointing at the double rainbow above our head. Today they look akin to the spread wings of a great bird rather than an arc like it usually is."
    P" There's one rainbow, lad. Must have rained."
    "Now isn't that odd... Unless..."
    A" ..."
    "Took me a while, but finally I shake my head."
    A" I doubt it's a rainbow though."
    "Next thing I know, Dad's large palm has connected with my back with a loud and rather painful – to me – slap. It is just like him, I think to myself, to make use of his larger size against me."
    P" Weather's been acting up, that it does. You wouldn't expect a single drop of rain this time twenty years ago."
    A" Well, that's, you know, maybe perhaps it hasn't rained at all. That's no rainbow."
    P" Why, my dear young scholar worthy of the Ivory Tower, what would that be? Perhaps you would be so kind as to shed just a tiny bit of light on this unenlightened caravaneer, would you?"
    "Dad's voice drips with disdain. I don't like being disparaged. Therefore it has to go."
    A" Well, if you say so, Dad, I'll give you one. That's a fire rainbow. Pretty sure those in the know call it a circumhorizontal arc."
    A" That's a sort of halo spectrum, see, similar to the ordinary rainbow, but not exactly so. You get a rainbow from light refracting along tiny water particles after a heavy rain or so, but this fire rainbow you get it from sunlight passing through ice crystals formed in those clouds very very high up there. So they don't actually have a clear shape or form, unlike a rainbow. And unlike a rainbow, it has nothing to do with the weather being sunny or rainy or whatever."
    A" The more you know!"
    P" So the kind of rainbows we normally see is a water rainbow?"
    "Dad sniffs. Which means he's trying to come up with a way to wing the argument his way."
    "Am I going to let it be? Hell to the nope."
    A" Nope. Water, fire, neither's relevant. That's just a name. Figure of speech."
    P" Well, then aren't they all water? How are they so different?"
    A" Not in principle, no. But they're still distinct!"
    P" Well that means it's getting colder. Am I right, lad?"
    A" You can say that, Dad."
    "Now Dad no longer makes a sweeping generalization as he has just now. He's finally learnt to be more watchful with his unscientific declarations around me, I think."
    "By “Am I right”, and by patting me on the shoulder so lightly rather than slamming me on the back as before, perhaps he's admitting defeat. “Well, lad, now aren't you something?” is what he'd maybe say. I'm not sure how sincere his sentiments are, but real or not, the thought fills me with elation."
    "Then Hanes' shouting brings us back to Azu's place."
    "This time around, Dad no longer wades into the bush. Instead he finds for himself a path off the trail to the left of the main burial ground. Wait, does such a path exist?"
    "My rejoice vanishes. The atmosphere condenses all about me."
    "Now Azzurra places her bouquet at the foot of the grave, and then stands up. I think she wants to say a bit more – whatever it is on her mind – but then for whatever reason has decided against it."
    "Azzurra's cloth soles are now smeared with so much mud."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Khu nghĩa trang"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    A" We should maybe come here more often?"
    "That's what I can't help but say to Azzurra at the sight of the dilapidated graves. She only smiled – neither nodding nor shaking."
    A" So that's a yes, I take it?"
    Az" A-aye…."
    "The sun grows harsher as the wind dies down, and no longer do we smell the flowers about us. I am not sure if that helped Azzurra's mood or not, but Hanes and I are both in agreement: she looks all the brighter."
    P" I'll give it an overhaul in a while, if we can spare the expenses."
    "My father's sympathy shows: he touches the cracks on the gravestone, as if measuring them with his own hands."
    "Then the four of us begins cleaning around the grave without much of a word. It's rather clean, in spite of various damages on the surface."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Landscape nào cũng được (từ nay chỉ để landscape = cảnh núi non rộng lớn)"
    "Thời gian: Hoàng hôn"
    "My eyes follow an ant crawling along the wagon's railing. From the look of things it isn't going to get off the plank any time soon."
    "As we've finished everything, we bid farewell to Mr. Ines' old grave. The workmen out there busy themselves with their ration of hard bread. Their patience must be drying out."
    "Now Azzurra's mood has improved, more so now that she's back on the wagon. Now and again a certain melody escapes her lips – her eyes gazing at the scenery along the roadside."
    Az" Hey Ana? It's a wonderful place, don't you think?"
    "Says Azzurra after much deliberation at the horizon."
    A" Yeah. Well, uh, in general, that's a good place. Nice air, too."
    "It wasn't a very good answer now that I think about it. My eyes follow Azzurra's gaze – see where she's looking at."
    "Truth be told, it is a good place. I could have spoken better words about it, now that I've spared a thought or two on the matter."
    Az" Hmmm..."
    "Azzurra puckers her lips and narrows her eyes. There her brows stand out, as is her wont as she sinks ever deeper into her own thoughts."
    "Habit or not, I have to admit, she does look rather cut in her trance."
    Az" Well, if we can all live here for good, wouldn't it be wonderful?"
    A" We will be here for a month, if that helps?"
    "To be more precise, we'll be lodging at one of my father's old business partners. Words is that he used to be an Aurora sympathizer – or even an Aurora member – back in the day, and that doesn't lend me much confidence."
    "There's also another matter that once every so often nags at me – that this entire business has been a mistake and I should head home at once."
    "That being Mom."
    "She's handling the household in her lonesome right about now. To her credit that's kind of what she does – it's a matter of course being the wife of a caravaneer and all. But she is getting older and it shows."
    "Mom's also troubled with repeated bouts of minor illnesses of late. I'm not sure if she'd do well alone. That thought's like a spanner in the cogs of whatever machination I have in mind."
    "But of course, like heck I'm going to give up. When you've got so many people putting their faith in you – Hanes and Azzurra and even Elena among the lot – you don't just simply walk away."
    P" Silly lad, I'd bet my savings that's not what the dear lass mean."
    A" You've lost me, Dad."
    P" Let's think this just for the sake of giving an example: What use is scenic beauty if you don't have a certain someone to enjoy it with you, huh?"
    H" You've l-lost me too, Mr. Pietro."
    "Which is good. Which is very, very good, because I'm no longer lost. The implication starts to overheat my face – and from Azzurra's rapidly reddening face, I'm sure as heck not alone."
    Az" No, no, no! W-what're you saying, Uncle?"
    "Azzurra, for this one time, has got me beat. At least she's managed some sort of a counterattack. I'm just turned into a (figurative) statue."
    "All of this, of course, gives Dad a wild bout of laughter at our collective expenses."
    P" Heh. Like I said, that's an example. Tell you what, kids. You can't live here even if you wanted to."
    "Dad is, after all, an expert on those distant lands we do not know. And that's usually all it takes to set him off on a lengthy story time. This occasion is no different."
    P" Lad, do you know why you can't live here?"
    A" Actually... I don't."
    P" Neither do I, actually. It's just that... the land itself feels evil. Enough to frighten the uninitiated, and even some who are in the in."
    "Dad's voice sounds as if it'd been suddenly infused with too much lead."
    P" You see the folks here? It isn't that they're poor. They can build good stuff. And fields of flowers while they are at it, see for yourselves."
    "	Now we've found the starting point of the alyssa scent. There, on our right, lies a vast field of white flowers."
    P" But look at those who dwell here. Look at their gaunt faces and their pallid cheeks and sunken eyes. Why so, do you know?"
    "It's very much a rhetorical question. Or something Dad came up with only for an opportunity for himself to answer."
    P" It's because I don't know why they live. Why they exist. What they even use money for. They don't see the world outside, they don't get to do that which nourishes the mind of men. Here they remain, and that's that. Left with dark thoughts of their own, and things perhaps mortals like you and me are not meant to know. And..."
    "It almost sounds as if Dad has become a totally different person: his voice distorted, raspy and sorrowful."
    P" After a while, well, they don't even care about taking my money. Well they treat me good, that's for sure. They'd feed us when we come by, and tell of stories and tales from a time long forgotten. Terrible and fell things, that I understand not and that makes even the stoutest hearts tremble. Worship them, even, as if the Creator had abandoned them and they don't give one lick about it. Their isolation might have finally driven them insane."
    P" Creator's mercy, that's not something I'd like to recount. But there, I said it."
    "Dad sounds as if he's got something stuck in his throat."
    P" Anatolio."
    A" Yes, Dad?"
    P" I'm not a very successful man, yet among my worst failure has to be how I've been at a complete loss of understanding of these folks. They can't understand how we ordinary folks think... and I am equally unable to grasp their deepest and darkest thoughts."
    A"………."
    P" … And you cannot help those you cannot understand, even if you should want."
    "His hands fix themselves on the reins. In his eyes I see a sort of fear – as if he's just been forced to relive a nightmarish sort of memory from a time supposedly long forgotten."
    P" Gotta admit, I'm afraid, very much so. Myself, and much of the Guild. Good men would not want to leave people in need, and I count myself... if not a good man, then one trying to be. Yet their very presence unnerves me, that I can no longer be good as I am supposed to be."
    P" I only know that's not... that's not what you'd wish on anyone. Not even your enemies."
    A" Dad..."
    Az" Uncle..."
    H" Mr. Pietro…"
    P" Well, if we were in a theatrical drama this would be the point I break down in tear. But guess what, kids? We aren't! Though I could have passed for a rather good actor in any case, no?"
    A" Hey, hey, Dad!"
    P" Huh, what's up, kiddo? Aren't I awesome? I know, right? Right?"
    A" You're annoying, Dad!"
    "//Màn hình rung lên"
    P" H-hey, stop right there kid! Wagon's still running, need my hands here!"
    "//Màn hình rung lên"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: hoàng hôn"
    "Our wagon rolls along the hilly path. Once every so often it would rumble, a pebble ground underneath the wheels. Cream-colored puffs of clouds brush against the shadows of the distant village, against a vast canvas of green earth and indigo afternoon sky, as if painted by an artist so talented."
    "My eyes sweep upon the tip of the mountain as if on cue."
    "Now the fire rainbow has vanished, but its wings that spread before us this morning suddenly becomes incredibly... significant. Given Dad's story, in any case."
    "My mind pictures a single bird perched atop the slopes of a mountain tall. Its head look to the east, to the sky – the sky is so vast, and its mountain so small. And there, in the skies above, is its freedom."
    "Reminds me of one of old Ines' adages back in the day: Why would a bird return to its nest when it has the vast sky at the tip of its wings?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: căn nhà giữa thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "My thoughts since I entered this place are but one: Frightening – as in more so than my father's description. I can't exactly put my finger down to why. If I have to live here for good, well, I'd either go insane or otherwise stick myself in a room and never leave the house again."
    "Azzurra, however, completely disagrees. She'd wave and smile at every passer-by, as if they were all her friends. Or at the very least, were willing to be her friend."
    "We're staying at the best house in this desolate hamlet. Then again, that title doesn't mean much when half the houses there make the slums in the City look like the Pope's own palace."
    "Its owner also happens to be the most normal-looking man in the whole place. He smiles at us, carrying himself in a manner no different than you can find elsewhere in the City. He's slightly bent, though well-built and has that air of a learned man about him. That's quite evident in the way he speaks, in spite of the fact that, however you look at him, he can't be more different from Dad and his social circle."
    "//Hiện sprite của AltMann, tức PAUL ATTENBOROUGH"
    "Having said that, he does have his own quirks, mainly being not revealing his real name. “Call me Altmann,” he says, and Azzurra likes to call him “Old sir”. Which is either incredibly polite or incredibly rude."
    "Did Azzurra know him before? I tried asking, and this is what I get for my efforts:"
    "Cảnh: ngôi nhà giữa thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    Az" It's a s-e-c-r-e-t~"
    "Cảnh: căn nhà giữa thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Our company takes no time settling down. At first light on the second day, we begins setting up shops, of course under my glorious leadership."
    "We plan to drive a metal pipeline through the earth, all the way from the closest water source – the Astraea – to the village center. It so happens that everything that appears simple on paper wouldn't necessarily be so simple in practice."
    ""
    H" M-my dear Azzurra, t-thank you so, so, so very much! I-if not for you, I-I'd be a goner!"
    "Hanes' voice alerts me to the fact that maybe the old-timer's just pretending  to be working very hard."
    Az" Nah, don't sweat it, Hanes. I know Ana – he's not going to leave anyone behind, I just know it!"
    "Azzurra's pride, I recall with some amusement, perhaps doesn't take into consideration how frantic she was trying to keep me in the in just a few days ago."
    H" Y-you must think Anatolio to-to be a cha-champion of perfection, right?"
    Az" Of course! He's smart, he's knowledgeable, he knows how to get things done – I'm starting to think there's nothing he doens't know!"
    Az" And, and, and this is more important! He's kind! Can't you see he's always helping us around? He made me a water clock, he helps Uncle Pietro with basically everything, and spent extra effort teaching me too! Why, he always try to keep me happy, though he never has to!"
    "Azzurra (ủ rủ): Isn't it a pity I'm not all that smart?"
    "Nice of you, Azu, but that's getting a bit out of hand there."
    "But then, well... that's not an incorrect way to describe me. So I guess I'll take that as a compliment I deserve."
    Az" There's just this slight problem—"
    H" W-which is?"
    Az" He's also hasty, childish, quick to act and not exactly the embodiment of patience."
    Az" He gets cross easily at times, completely indifferent at other times, and at other other times so, so easy to trick because of his bullishness."
    Az" But you know what? You can tally up all that I said, plus his being, well, not exactly handsome, and he'll still come off a good guy!"
    H" M-makes sense.."
    "Can it right there, dear. That's quite enough!"
    Az" Ah, and Ana has quite a few other flaws, too, now that I think of it. He takes a while to eat, and speaks a real lot, and-"
    A" I said, THAT'S QUITE ENOUGH!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bờ sông"
    "Thời gian: Chiều tối"
    "To be completely sure, we decided to dig as perpendicular to the flow as we can."
    "That's not counting the problems we managed to run into with the Templars – being the militant arm of the Church, you see, and pretty much responsible for keeping order and spirituality in these parts and more.  Something about 'building is not allowed here' or some such."
    "It wasn't too much of a problem, all being told. Father Fredo's name, when uttered even by the likes of Hanes, is all that it takes to convince these iron-faced, mail-clad ecclesiastical men-at-arms that we're no trouble."
    "All's well that ends well, or so people says. It's good we didn't have to involve Father Fredo directly. Would have been terribly embarrassing otherwise."
    "In any case, to give credit where credit is due, most of the heavy lifting is thanks to Elena's near-bottomless supply of manpower. Once again, within just a couple months, I'm in her debt."
    "Thinking of Elena, I just realized... isn't she going to show up? Like at all?"
    "It is, after all, the 25th day of our work now. All of the major lifting has been done. A ditch has been dug. Pipelines has been put in place. I've drafted out a pump design to be made to order, and even that is on schedule."
    "Yet Elena is nowhere to be seen."
    "Let's look at this rationally. Elena has told these hard-working laborers to follow everything I say. There's not going to be any new issue popping up, not as far as I know."
    "But then, as someone who has put at least some effort into this endeavor, wouldn't Elena like to be here, to see how it goes? Or even to be like how Elena likes to carry herself and rub her arrogance in our collective face?"
    "No, no matter how I look at it, this isn't like Princess De'Rovere."
    "Come to think of it, she did mention something about a certain business she needed to attend to. Curious."
    A" It isn't like she has any sort of work to her name."
    "So I think, so I blurt out."
    "Elena (đột ngột xuất hiện, rất to): Nobody can live who doesn't work, dear Ana.."
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    A" E- Elena?"
    "My heart! My dear, fragile, out-of beat heart!"
    "Truth be told, I have learnt to keep an eye out for vaguely Elena-shaped shadows in the horizon, but time and again she manages to startle me. Like so."
    E" What's the matter, Ana? Elena thought she deserves some welcoming, doesn't she?//Cười nham hiểm// Elena also thought Ana has just thought about a certain someone, no?"
    A" W-well, not-not quite."
    E" Gracious, Ana, that's cold. Anyway, want a headrub?"
    "A what? Heck to the no! I'm not a pet!"
    "//Elena to ra"
    "Elena has come close – way too close – before I could meaningfully react. Panic fills me – and my subconscious resorts to the only self-defense it can grasp at this moment of need."
    A" Azu, Hanes! Anyone! We've got trouble"
    "Elena (nhỏ lại): Eh?"
    "No answer. No reaction."
    "I turned about, eyes darting from one corner of the scene to the other."
    "Nothing."
    "And then it dawns upon me exactly why and how. This last month I've gotten so used to blocking out the ubiquitous noise of saws and hammers and other productive tool of industry that I've failed to notice they'd now vanished."
    "It is as if I've gotten myself lost in a stupor of my own making, until my very eyes come round and give me a rude awakening."
    E" Azzurra and Hanes? Elena's afraid they aren't around."
    "Like I needed any more confirmation."
    E" They've left by the time Elena came around."
    E" Taking a break, Elena thinks. //Mặt đanh ác// Or making a break, if Ana catches the drift."
    A" I... hardly think such speculations is suitable for a gentle-born lady to make, Elena."
    E" What's the matter? Elena thought Ana might be jealous. Why, Ana's feet are shaking. Elena is just wondering how Ana could keep his balance backing off like that on his tiptoes for so long..."
    "Elena (tít mắt): Hmm... maybe if Elena could lend a push or two"
    "//Elena to ra."
    "//Màn hình xoay nghiêng và nảy lên, zoom in mạnh."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bờ sông"
    "Thời gian: chiều tối."
    A" Okay. I admit. It IS silly of me to trust them completely not to goof off just as our work's concluding."
    E" Is it not Ana's fault, agreeing with Hanes' scheme? Shouldn't he be held responsible for his own bragging?"
    A" You know what they say – it seems a good idea at the time."
    "Perhaps the Creator, too, is sympathizing with this beleaguered lamb,"
    A" Speaking of which, how'd you know this is Hanes' doing? I thought I haven't told you anything, have I?"
    "That was my plan since day one: If this hare-brained scheme had been my doing, it would be less... problematic for Elena to say yes, which she did,"
    "Elena (trố mắt): Eh?"
    "Elena (đánh trống lảng): Oh, right, that—"
    "Elena (cuống quít): Truth be t-told, Elena... well, Azzurra, Elena means, Azzurra told Elena so. Before the party left, y-yes, that's what she said."
    A" Is that so?"
    E" It was so."
    "She says no more, and leaves the topic as quickly as she came about it."
    E" Anyway, i-it's not something important, Elena thinks!"
    "I could question her further on that matter. But then I decide against it. I am, right now, a busy man with a busy job, and have goofed off enough myself."
    "It's not like this is any important business..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Con đường"
    "Thời gian: Chiều tối"
    "Laborer: We've finished the pump, sir."
    "I've hardly relished in these words – music to my ears – when Hanes suddenly emerges from seemingly nowhere. He darts about, looking completely flummoxed and befuddled."
    "The corner of my eyes has caught him several minutes ago, when I was arguing with Elena. But then it's only now, when he presents himself before me, that some semblance of calmness returns to him. He tries to put on an act that nothing has happened at all, though that's as unconvincing as you think it is."
    "I'm guessing he's been looking either for me (more likely) or Elena (far, far less so). So I suppose I can make use of that, rather than questioning him on his befuddlement."
    H" A-Azzurra? Uh... sh-she's r-rather under t-the weather, see, s-so we t-took her home. Your f-father and I, o-of course!"
    "Now that's suspicious, though not that implausible. That does explain why the both of them were missing, at least. Though, as per always, I'm not entirely convinced of his attitude – how he looks back and forth, as if looking for clues where none exists."
    "That's why I thought it was a good idea to just check out the pump rather than spending more time trying to wrench a different confession from my dear old pal."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Cái máy bơm tay"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Laborer: Heave ho!"
    "The sound I've just heard was the finishing touch on our grand project. Now the main hand pump has been laid in place where it should be: at the village center. The ground all around it, just a few days before torn apart by so many shovels and picks, have now been filled again with layers upon layers of gravel and crushed rocks."
    "I suppose the Duke's family does have access to an endless supply of skilled labor, if nothing else."
    H" S-so, Anatolio, I suppose this would b-be-"
    A" The hand pump."
    A" We've got the pipes ready. Now all we need is give this handy hand here a push, aaaand up the water goes the other end and down this one. Water problem solved, another small step to world peace, love and prosperity."
    H" I-interesting. S-so we won't n-need a reservoir any m-more, right?"
    A" Obviously not."
    H" I-I see..."
    "I pat the poor fellow on the shoulder."
    A" Hey, can it with the gloom. It isn't like you didn't help."
    H" Did... Did I? W-wasn't I just a bystander?"
    A" You're tasked with the glorious mission of operating this pump."
    "Hanes (poker): W-wait what?"
    A" Like I said: Give the handy hand a push, and out flows the water. That's all there is to it."
    "I mime a pumping motion of my forearm."
    A" Might be a mite heavy, though. Be prepared!"
    "Now the safety lock (I thought it a good idea to add it because obviously safety matters) is still on, and yet I can almost feel the great weight of our oversized toy."
    "//Hanes trố mắt"
    "This would be a good time as any to leave the good man to his toil, and go see the rest of the workers with Elena in tow. I am, after all, the leader of this bunch"
    A" Remember, down goes the handy hand, and out flows the water!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Cái máy bơm tay"
    "Thời gian: Chiều tối"
    "Now I still have one little bit of concern in mind. Not Hanes, mind you, but something of my own."
    "However you look at it, the pump, ironclad and covered in a layer of mossy green paint, is everything a work of art can aspire to be. It's impossibly perfect. Unreasonably perfect."
    E" Elena sends her gratitude. This is truly above and beyond Elena's expectations."
    "Foreman: That's just what we do, Your Ladyship. It's a bit of an irregular design, true, but a man of House De'Rovere always follows orders to the letter. It isn't like we haven't made things like this before, besides."
    "Eh? Wait... something doesn't add up..."
    A" Hold on a second there!"
    "Foreman: Your wish, sir?"
    A" Didn't you say, you've made this before? Do you mean the pipe or the pump?"
    "Another workman steps forward, an older man with a gravely voice, speaking as if well-rehearsed."
    "Laborer: Well, my good sir, there's no cause for surprise. This is all over the place in the Noble Quarters. Perhaps you haven't noticed yet: an underground aqueduct runs all over the length and breadth of the Great Square."
    A" Is that so?"
    "Unlike my gang, I have been to the Noble Quarters a few times – thanks (or no thanks) to Elena. I might have paid inordinate attention to the pomp and vanity of the rich folk then, rather than the finer points of engineering around me."
    "I feel like kicking myself. All that mechanical knowledge I could have picked up on so easily, and I didn't – in typical Anatolio Pietro manner."
    "Perhaps, if I should have the money and the time and the material, at some point I would definitely bring such engineering wonders to my little neighborhood. I'd be so grateful for the exposure."
    A" Thanks, I guess. That's something new I learn everyday."
    "Laborer: No, thank you, sir. We don't have the chance to talk about what we do everyday."
    E" That's enough of praise for a day, Elena should think."
    A" Isn't he thanking me though?"
    E" Thanking Ana is analogous to thanking Elena. Such is a... fact of the universe."
    "Then she walks towards me, and pulls me so close that her hair starts to brush against my shoulder. Awkwardly... and not... completely unwelcomed?"
    "Laborer: That's a nicely mismatched couple, Your Ladyship!"
    "Should I be flattered, embarrassed, or both? Wait a second, this doesn't look like the right time for that!"
    A" No no no no! We-we aren't-"
    "I look to Elena for assistance... and find her completely in agreement with whatever being said. Just like she could break her neck nodding..."
    "Apologies, Elena."
    "Someone needs to bring her back to the world of the living."
    "“OI!”"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    A" The work of the last month is all thank to you."
    E" As Elena said: No need to thank. That is something Elena should- has to do."
    A" So aren't you saying for dinner?"
    E" That would be a negative. Elena apologizes. Besides, Ana has been away from home for quite a while now, has he not? Not even the Creator's infinite mercy would apply if Elena keeps pestering Anatolio and his."
    "That's a bit mixed up. It is, however, you look at it, my gang that has been causing her no end of trouble."
    "We were four days ahead of schedule, and thanks to Elena's carriage got ourselves back to the safety and comfort of the City. As in, myself and Hanes."
    "I can't help but find Elena's generosity jarring, though there's not a lot I can do. Dad has already taken Azzurra home, and it's rather Elena's way or an another few days in this desolate lands."
    "I'd be lying if I say it doesn't feel kind of strange walking next to Elena at this time of night under this sort of street lamps. I don't go out into the streets this late with anyone but Azzurra."
    "Strange, yes, but not that strange. Perhaps I'm just adaptive."
    E" This place never changes, does it? Not, at least, since the last time Elena remembers it."
    A" True, that. It's hard work enough living well, much less shaking up the order."
    E" Isn't that good in a way, though? Life remains unchanged... waiting for something, almost."
    A" It isn't like you to be philosophical, Elena."
    "Then Elena stops in her track, and turns towards the sky. It was quite dark above, though cloudy and glazed in a thin layer of mist."
    E" Wouldn't it be good if Elena gets to stay with Ana for a little longer?"
    "I have a bad, bad feeling about this. Elena being emotional?"
    A" I will be seeing you come tomorrow."
    "My nonchalant comment nets me a pound over the shoulder. It's a jovial punch..."
    "… yet Elena's face betrays no sign of having cheered up any."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con đường chỗ cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Hey, hey, wait for me, wait for me!"
    A" Hurry up, will you? We're already running late!"
    Az" What's the great haste? We're just the messenger! Messenger! Is there a deadline on good news?"
    "For the last half an hour Azzurra has been complaining and breathing unevenly in between. Already tired, I see. She has never been an extremely fit girl, and atheleticism is as far from her vocabulary as can be."
    "Well, she does have stubbornness to her credit."
    "And to my credit, I don't think I've ever had it in me to push her."
    A" I give up. Hands, please."
    "I grab her by the hand, and drag her as best as I can to the foot of the bridge."
    "Today we go to the chapel. Father Fredo will be overjoyed, Or not – Hanes would have proclaimed our very huge success in all his pompousness. I just thought it would be polite to do a bit of announcing ourselves, having been the main contributors and all."
    "Normally Father Fredo would have his entire mornings booked. Not today, miraculously enough – according to Hanes after peeking into his calendar book. Which means Azzurra is ironically right: We have no reason to hurry."
    "And yet I can't help but run."
    "There is this uneasiness, for want of better words, that has been spreading through me for a while."
    "I've been rather restless for a while, and it isn't even that 'bad feeling' even a thoughtless fellow would get once every so often."
    "If I am to put a time stamp on it, my gut feeling started bothering me last night, after we returned to the City."
    "I find it hard to describe."
    "Here's my best attempt: Imagine that someone has been playing a dissonant song that permeates each little lane and every little house, affecting every little man and woman. So everything seems superficially the same, yet isn't. As if everyone up to and including my parents have been replaced by an extraordinarily convincing doppelganger."
    "It's not just a gut feeling, I've been telling myself."
    "Now, let's get back to Azzurra, who came back a day before me. She was just tired, thankfully, rather than sick. Yet looking at her seems to somehow confirm rather than dispel my fears."
    "Azzurra has been losing color, even as we walk."
    "Maybe it's just me, but everyone along the street has been giving us this odd look... as if we were a bunch of shifty street urchins."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cây cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Now the second De'Rovere bridge never seems to be as crowded as it should be. The Grand Cathedral and the Hallowed Fold lies on the other side, neither the place for the mass except on feast days, which today isn't."
    "But something IS out of the ordinary."
    C0" Stop right there, citizen."
    "Bright mail. Imposing pauldrons. Tall helmets. And that tabard,"
    "That I should get into trouble with the Templars twice in a month. Templars, as in plural: There they stand, barricading the other end of the bridge with a checkpoint and literally their own imposing form like immovable towers of strength, bearing their great long arming swords fashioned in the likeness of the symbol of the merciful Faith – though there is nothing remotely merciful in taking lives with them."
    "I've never been a big fan of their fashion sense, though they never seem to mind how much they stand out like a sore thumb in civilian life."
    "I have to say their... distinction lies more in their action than their clothing, though."
    "Templar: I said, stop right there, citizen."
    "But why? The words appear in my head as if carved into my brain by a bloody scalpel. And I speak out as much as I've thought."
    "Templar: By order of His Holiness the Pope, the two bridges are closed until further notice."
    "Then he tosses a glance at his comrade on the right, who promptly raises his brows."
    "Templar #2: Wait a second, I know you."
    "Templar #2: I've seen you there, in the wastes up north, have I not? Been there a month, haven't you?"
    "Templar #2: Well, no wonder you aren't aware. Unfortunate happenings, that's the deal while you weren't in the City. It's regretful, but the ordinary citizens – you specifically – aren't to cross the bridges upon pain of death."
    "Wait, what?"
    "I've only been away for a month! What happenings? What troubles? What in the name of all that's holy has happened?"
    "Templar #2: You'll excuse me, citizen. Church business. Father Fredo could tell you more."
    A" Well, then you can let us see him, right?"
    "Templar #2: I can not, and shall not.."
    A" Well, how in the heck am I going to ask him then? Shall I stand here and shout my throat out?"
    "My rudeness spills all over the place."
    A" Hasn't Father Fredo have any word with you about us?"
    "Either him, or at the very least Hanes. Doesn't Hanes outrank the Templar footmen?"
    "Templar #2: You are allowed to wait here until he comes back."
    "Then he looks at us thoughtfully."
    "Templar #2: Hmm... I guess I can try bending the rules this once. I'll speak to him on your behalf."
    A" … That would be helpful, ser."
    "Templar #2: I am no ser. My name is Alhf."
    "Then he turns around and walks through the checkpoint. His long ginger hair flows behind his embossed helmet, like the mane of a grand lion. Azzurra stares at his silhouette as if mesmerized."
    "Well, I have to admit, that's some brilliant hairdo."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Father Fredo is certainly taking his time, and we've been spending the last fifteen minutes hanging around the other Templar, more stoic and less willing to introduce himself."
    "And then in barges Hanes."
    "The fellow looks as if he has just had a romp in a haystack, or failing that, a mix-up with the guards. Disheveled hair, check. Clothes in a mess, check. Appearing from seemingly nowhere, check and check."
    "Well, Azzurra is giggling, so there is that."
    "At about the same time, a wheelbarrow as new as a wheelbarrow can be zooms by us, missing dear old Hanes by a hair."
    "A curse word escapes the carter's lip."
    "This makes no sense. Isn't he the one at fault here?"
    "Come to think of it, have we ever known the fellow? My memory might not be the best in the City, but I can bet my allowance we haven't."
    "Hanes rubs his chest. He looks an in from bursting out into tears."
    A" What's that all about?"
    H" T-t-trouble."
    "I could guess about as much, now that I see the bruise on his face and the smell of rotten tomato about him."
    "The bigger question is why."
    A" You sure you aren't stealing anything by accident?"
    H" No! W-who do you t-think I am?"
    "A fellow who has the uncanny tendency to get into trouble without prompt, that's who."
    "But that's beside the point."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    H" I-I-I am as c-confused as you a-are. T-this morning Father Fredo t-told me to grab some g-grocery. A-and all at once I j-just know s-something went terribly wrong! E-everyone at the m-market was t-treating me a-as if I w-weren't there! N-nobody s-sold me an-anything! C-Creator preserves me!"
    "It's hard to make out what Hanes want to say during the best of times, much less when he's black and blue, on the verge of tears, and apparently frightened and enraged witless."
    H" I-I knew it! I-I knew s-something w-was off! Merciful saints, i-if only I'd been more at-attentive! I-I could have run home r-right then! A-and saved the lot of us a l-lot of problems!."
    H" Y-you see, Anatolio, I was a-attacked! By a mob! L-like a throng of hungry wolves! I-I didn't have time to-to tell who from who! They'd h-have lynched me t-to death had I not r-run! Like I h-have never r-run before! Th-they'd eat me alive, they would!"
    H" Thank the Creator's Mercy, I sur-survived! I-it was thanks to a helper t-that I made it at all! An angelic w-woman, in c-crimson, coming and g-going like the wind! Mu-must be sent by the C-Creator Himself! T-thanks to her, I could ma-make it w-with my life!"
    A" Starting to sound like a priest here, Hanes."
    "A worrying story, but I would appreciate it if he'd been less overdramatic. Hanes laughs it off, but there's something terribly insincere about it. I hate it when he does that."
    "I elbow Azzurra, signalling her not to ask anything further – just as Hanes looks us from top to toe:"
    H" W-why are you s-standing around? A-aren't you coming in? F-Father i-is probably around, I-I think? I-I've arranged his s-schedule so that he'd have t-time today to check our w-work, so..."
    "Hanes can be a rather fine assistant when he feels like it. Except... that's not very helpful in this one specific situation, is it? Sorry, pal, though you did try."
    Az" Nah. We'll have to wait for him to come out."
    "Azzurra speaks before I can make up my mind."
    H" W-why wait though?"
    A" For permission."
    "I point towards the remaining Templar at the bridge. The fellow isn't even looking at Hanes."
    H" Per-permission?"
    "Hanes tilts his head, and thinks for a brief moment."
    H" L-look, I'm as clueless as y-you are, but l-let's give it an-another try..."
    "Posing like an adult (to be sure he does have more authority than we do here), Hanes gestures towards us, and walks like a sir towards the Templars..."
    "Templar: You are not to pass upon pain of death, initiate."
    "… so much for outranking."
    H" W-wait, what? Why?"
    "Longsword. That's his answer. Hanes looks like he'd swallowed his tongue. I would, too, if I were him."
    "I bet Hanes is just thinking of the earlier morning. How peaceful it has been. No checkpoint, no Templar, no trouble, no mob. Fast forward some hours, and everything had gone pear-shaped."
    "“What has happened over the last few hours?” is probably what Hanes is thinking, too. Must be embarrassing for him, standing around like that."
    "It so happens, that it is our lucky day today."
    "Alhf: They may pass, brother. For now."
    "“I am no ser” Alhf has returned, and not a second too early. I'm not sure which of the two Templars were of superior rank, but either way the other did as he was told. He shoves his blade back into the scabbard and stands down – a true career soldier in appearance and demeanor."
    "It is just as they say: When all else fail, count on the Templars as the sole defender of the Faith."
    "Not that it matters. What does matter is that we've been let inside."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "As we walks into the chapel, Hanes wastes no time to spill the beans on a certain oddity concerning Father Fredo."
    "Apparently, he found the good shepherd taking tea in the garden behind the main hall with a guest. It isn't exactly that odd, since the place has never been explicitly forbidden ground or anything."
    "To Hanes' eyes, it might as well be."
    H" I w-was wondering if you noticed. B-but for about a m-month now, I though I've s-seen a stranger once e-every so often. St-st-stalking us."
    "Come to think of it, whether or not Hanes is making that up, his story does remind me of the stranger who appeared near my place around Hanes' birthday."
    "It wasn't an isolated incident – I am sure I've caught a glimpse of someone tailing me occasionally since then. I can't swear I can distinguish a face, though I do recall a particularly malicious smile of the sort that would drive a chill up your spine."
    "But that wouldn't be relevant to the story at hand, unless..."
    A" Wait. You're saying that's the man Father Fredo was entertaining?"
    H" Yes and yes! Y-you won't b-believe this, b-b-but that's true! I c-couldn't believe my eyes!"
    ""
    "Hanes makes no effort to conceal his excitement – and suspicion."
    H" He h-has this stare, y'see, that makes me f-feel like the Devil's ver-very own! I c-can't imagine he'd b-be Father Fredo's g-guest! Even got to enter the back garden! I don't-don't get to go there myself!"
    H" S-strange, too! Father F-Fredo never q-quite likes the place. Doesn't e-even tend to the trees! Unlike his tea garden in the front. W-why would he  meet a guest there?"
    A" That is odd all right."
    A" Father Fredo often meets his visitors if any in the main hall, doesn't he?"
    H" Or his room, if that's s-someone rea-real close."
    A" So that delightful visitor, whoever he is, isn't a regular guest, otherwise the main hall would suffice. Nor is he a real close one to Father Fredo, otherwise he'd have taken him to his own chamber. The back garden isn't even the best place for tea if you ask me."
    A" Something's fishy about this business."
    "My reasoning earns me two nods in unison from both Hanes and Azu."
    A" So anyway, why didn't you ask Father Fredo directly?"
    "Hanes shakes his head."
    H" I t-thought he doesn't w-want others to know about this v-visitor. 'Tis a coin-coincidence that I found that out, see? I d-didn't stick around, and he didn't ask me why I was t-there. So I thought I should-shouldn't push me luck. Father F-Fredo can get r-real mad at times..."
    "Or so he can. I guess I will have to take Hanes' words and shivers for it."
    "This time, however, I have to admit Hanes has proven to be sharper than he'd been before."
    "A place like that, where few comes and fewer still with permission, would be an excellent way to meet a secret guest. This is perhaps the most likely explanation."
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    "Tiziano: Forsaken things are so for a reason, my dear Anatolio. Looking for them would earn you nothing more than the abyss itself."
    "Cảnh: nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "I don't know why I am recollecting those words right here, right now. I do recall having argued my head off – though now I admit: Gramps' argument was not without its reasons."
    "That doesn't mean I entirely agree with the reasoning, or admitted defeat back then. Maybe it's my boyishness, but I can never accept that kind of thinking. Not until now."
    A" I would have stuck around for a bit longer if I were you."
    "I reach for the door knob. Twist Pull. And the lot of us find ourselves in the middle of the chapel."
    "What a beautiful view, looking to the veranda to the side of the ceremonial hall. Worth a painting or two, when I have the time."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thánh đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "I thought Hanes would scream out loud as his foot tread upon a cockroach running past."
    "He has no reaction whatsoever."
    "Perhaps it's something about the chapel itself: it gives us this strange sensation of imprisonment. Imagine a place you are free to leave at any time, yet something deep within yourself would tug you back and tell you not to every time."
    "I just realized Father Fredo was perhaps the least stressed of us gathering in that hall on this day. He hasn't been subjected to a long chase along the streets, or an equally long wait in the sun with a stone-faced Templar."
    "Now he walks towards us, his feet thumping on the carpet like so many bricks. He towers above us, and like so many times before the question of why this man ended up being a priest again rings out in my inquisitive head."
    "Fredo: It might be a little hard on you, but believe me when I say a picture is worth a thousand empty words, and actual experience is worth a million ornate paintings."
    "Then he tells us his explanation of the unfortunate happenstances this morning."
    "Hanes rolls his eyes. Azu gasps. And I? Well, I don't have too many words except for..."
    A" So... you know everything? Us being locked out, and Hanes being chased across the street? And you didn't let us know?"
    "Fredo: Yes, and no. and in the name of the Creator I would apologize. Forgive me."
    "Hanes and I both run forward, and helped the priest to his feet. Took but a blink of an eye before Azzurra joins us, too."
    "His age now seems to have taken its toll: Father Fredo's back slumps, and it is all the lot of us could do to walk him back to the nearest bench"
    H" Your back isn't s-so good any more, Father. Have you forgotten?	Hanes' complaint was caring and dutiful at the same time. I would question where has this version of Hanes come from, but then I've got too many things I'd like to ask instead."
    A" But Father, I don't get it. What's with the bridges being locked down? What about Hanes and the angry mob? And why is everyone acting up?"
    "Father Fredo looks at us with downcast eyes. Maybe it is just me, but I can swear his breathing sounds ragged and uneven. His wrinkles seems to be etched deeper into his skin, not helped by the black spots under his eyes."
    "He clicks his tongue."
    "Fredo: Hanes, Anatolio, Azzurra. Hear me out."
    "That's how he usually begins his lengthy narratives."
    "Fredo: Let's go back to a month ago."
    "Fredo: There was a major... attack. A robbery, you may say, of a scale hardly seen before, against a caravan from the Nobles' Quarter.."
    A" Really, Father?"
    "I have no idea, and no, I'm not joking. Nobody told me about that, and last time I checked last month I wasn't even in the City. Perhaps a weird feeling of deja vu is all I get from it."
    "Fredo: Now the merchant folks were badly shaken. Several were badly hurt. You don't have such vicious attacks on merchant caravans every day, thank the Creator. So when this monstrous rabble of brigands disappeared back into the Common Quarters..."
    H" M-monstrous rabble?"
    "Fredo: Right you are, Hanes. That's how the witnesses described them: like a hungry band of jackals tearing up their prey, that's how bad it was. And so naturally they have to have been based somewhere in the Common Quarters."
    "Fredo: It goes without saying that you'll always have division and friction between the haves and the have-nots. This sort of incident would have been nothing worth commenting on, in more chaotic times, but we are now a society more peaceful than ever before."
    "Fredo: It is all thanks to the Church's intervention that the panic died down. The Archbishop, well, took the bull by the horn on behalf of the poor in the Common Quarters. We've done quite a bit of talking to the Council on both sides of the Astraea. We'll do the investigating, we promised them, and punish the culprit in accordance with laws and customs."
    "Fredo: On one condition that everyone could agree on..."
    "Father Fredo clicked his tongue as if habitual."
    "Fredo: We agreed to keep the bridges close until we can find the truth. Or failing that, reach some sort of a mutually acceptable resolution for all parties concerned."
    A" But that's senseless!"
    "Fredo: That it is. But you have to look at it this way, Anatolio. The men of the cloth are as frightened of thieves in the night as any man of not insignificant wealth. Extreme measures as this becomes sensible under such light."
    "Fredo: Funny, when you think of it: the safekeepers of the wealth of the world so it could be used for the good of the flock, frightened stiff that the flock would take it away from them."
    "Father Fredo's chuckle seems more bitter than usual. That's quite like him... and unlike him at the same time."
    "Fredo: But wait, that's not the end of the story. By the Creator's infinite mercy, it gets worse."
    "Fredo: Hanes, Anatolio, Azzurra. I ask that you stay calm, and hear me out"
    "Fredo: Hard as it sounds, we are all in this, even myself, by guilt of association."
    "The old priest's face suddenly becomes like stone."
    "Over the next few minutes, so do ours."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "	Fredo: Last night, the Council of Two and Six finally gathered for a full meeting. This... doesn't happen very often."
    "Cảnh: thánh đượng"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ-tối"
    "Archbishop: It has been two decades since we have seen such sin soiling the sanctity of the City. And as the only sin of such ilk it is therefore the gravest."
    "Archbishop: Father Massimiliano Fredo, for years now the people in the Three Quarters of the City look to you as a beacon of faith. The time is come, to act in accordance with to the trust that the Creator and His flock has vested in you."
    "The second most senior Church official, only answerable to the Pope Himself. Middle-aged and possessing of a stately appearance himself, he could be quite charismatic when he wanted, and rather fearsome when he'd like."
    "Hardly becoming of him, one would think, to try to intimidate his way through Father Fredo."
    "Unfortunately for him, his adversary happened to be the Massimiliano Fredo. Father Fredo was definitely not on his home field, yet in his tumultuous life he had rarely been. His eyes flared, and the Archbishop's form betrays a shiver."
    "Massimiliano had once been something. He had never ceased being something."
    "Fredo: I find such resolution unfeasible and unsatisfactory."
    "Fredo: We are talking about keeping a very large part of the Creator's own flock in no small discomfort and inconvenience, almost akin to house arrest, because of the crime committed by a tiny, insignificant, unrepresentative few."
    "Fredo: By the boundless mercy of the Creator, it is bad enough that we keep a closer leash on the people coming and going."
    "Now the Archbishop regained his mettle. He walked towards the pulpit, and looks down at Father Fredo under his goggles."
    "Archbishop: Unrepresentative. So you say, Father. Is this lack of representativeness... provable? Can you prove it so?"
    "Probatio diabolica. Pretty much a logical fallacy under both laws and customs and frowned upon at court."
    "But then again, the Archbishop has never held much stake in such secular inconveniences as 'proof' or 'logic' if they ran contrary to his reasoning."
    "Fredo: The burden of proof is on you, my young man. Faulty generalization notwithstanding."
    "The rest of the Council looks on, perhaps amused, perhaps anxious. An extraordinary meeting had just become more so: Now it had become a proving ground between the most prominent Church official and the most prestigious."
    "And the Archbishop's lips curled into a triumphant smirk."
    "Archbishop: That it is, ser Fredo. The burden of proof is on me, and I can satisfy it."
    "The word ser dripped with sarcasm. So did the finger pointed at the old priest's face, so devoid of respect."
    "Young Bishop: We've got a report coming in this afternoon. The Foremost Templar confirmed that, against all laws and customs most holy, a group of ne'er-do-wells have committed grand theft upon the sacred water of the Astraea. Surprising, isn't it? Incredible, and insane! Stealing the water itself! We asked, too, who that would be..."
    "That was one of the younger priests just promoted into a bishop standing under the pulpit. He was much, much younger than Fredo, and somehow reminded him of the younger days of his: so fervent and yet so... unreasonable."
    "Fredo: Stealing the water of the Astraea? Nonsense!"
    "That was hardly becoming of him, Father Fredo now realized. But the logic remains irrefutable."
    "Fredo: The water belongs to everyone! If you'd said someone poisoned the water, or dammed the river, or otherwise make it so the public cannot use it? I'd buy that. But stealing water from the river? That's preposterous beyond words!"
    "The young bishop smirks"
    "Bishop: That would have been the case, Father. From the beginning, we have had our doubt. Sounds, exactly like you said, nonsense. I thought it was a metaphor of sort, for a kind of technology for pumping the water."
    "Bishop: We are right. It is, indeed, a pump and pipeline. Not exactly forbidden technology, and we'd have welcomed such innovations had it not been for a certain... something—"
    "He raises his voice.."
    "Bishop: We found out something interesting in the process."
    "Bishop: Imagine this: Three children, working with a group of workers, building a system of pump and pipelines from the river to an outlying village. In service of the people, using the gift of the mind as the Creator has blessed them with."
    "Fredo: You said it: A blessing."
    "Bishop: A blessing? Perhaps. It would be, ser, had it not been for the inherent thievery involved in this act."
    "Father Fredo's face became like stone. He let out a quick breath: What was he hearing, and why did it sound so much like nonsense?"
    "Bishop: Now you'd ask, how that came to be. And here's how: Everything they did, the technique, the material, even the workers, were taken without leave from the possession of the nobility in the upper half of the City!"
    "He stares at Fredo with his needly stare: like two prongs of a spiny trap."
    "Bishop: Now imagine this, happening just three days after that great robbery? Would you, were you a member of the honorable upper class, not think there is some kind of connection here?"
    "Father Fredo said nothing... until the archbishop, probably getting impatient, harrumphed loudly."
    "Archbishop: That's the situation, ser Fredo. Two incidents of theft and robberies in succession. One by the unruly adults, one by the unruly children."
    "Archbishop: Now you can say when a child does wrong, their parents are likely to be sinners. When many children do wrong, the fault is probably with the community. Not entirely nonsense, no?"
    "Archbishop: So, what says ser Fredo? That would be a fine proof, am I not right?"
    "Now the conversation had stopped being formal, just as the night breeze had ceased. The room had become correspondingly stuffy, as if the sky itself was seeking to crush everyone with the sheer weight of the moon and the stars."
    "Fredo: That is utterly ridiculous, and you know it."
    "Fredo: You understand you are accusing a group of kids only to serve your petty generalization. You know what this means to them? To their future? Don't you?"
    "Fredo: I demand a more thorough investigation, by whatever means necessary, before we should arrive at such a ruling!"
    "It was the first time in decades that Father Fredo's blood boils as much as it did. His enthusiasm had never truly died. It had just withdrawn to a lesser-known part of himself, like a frozen volcano underneath a glacier.  When the ice cap would melt and the ground should crack, it would erupt again, in all its terrible, frightening heat and flame."
    "Yet the Archbishop looked completely and unduly unfazed."
    "Archbishop: But of course, as men of the cloth, we understand that – more than anyone else."
    "Archbishop: It is just that we are as much keepers of the peace as we are keepers of the scriptures, and have to give rationality its due."
    "Archbishop: That is why – that is why we have to find some sort of middle ground. A less inflammatory excuse, if you will. We aren't closing the bridge to bully some kids who may or may not know what they're getting into. We are doing so to keep the peace and ensure due justice is served."
    "Archbishop: The people demands some sort of action, and we give shall them that. Nobody needs to know anything more than they need to. Unless, of course, you would prefer to let the truth out, and let the faithful deal with these children as they would have been under more troubled times."
    "Fredo: This is blackmail and you know it!"
    "Archbishop: Not blackmail, Father Fredo, just a difficult choice for a difficult problem. You were no stranger to such dilemmas yourself, weren't you?"
    "Father Fredo's tongue clicks entirely out of self-preservation – lest his angry jaws gnash upon it like a heretic about to be ritually crushed by a thousand hammers. Or perhaps, just perhaps, the glare of several dozen men, all Graced, has frightened it into submission."
    "Fredo: Very well. Very well then."
    "His argument, Father Fredo bitterly realized, no longer held. Silently whispering an apology to the Creator, he admitted defeat – that a Templar would never do unless all options have been well exhausted."
    "Everyone else remained silent – except the Archbishop."
    "Archbishop: Which is as it should be, Father Fredo. Your decision is much welcomed – as a good shepherd and a good man."
    "Archbishop: I suppose that is decided: we shall maintain the blockade until further notice. So it has been decided, and so shall it be."
    "Archbishop: As for you: your virtuous service of the Creator and your fellow men are as always much appreciated, and you need not bother yourself with such matter as these."
    "Father Fredo said nothing. He was no stranger, after all, to the cloaking of rotten politics in virtuous moralizing."
    "He was being feared – as someone who has the influence and power vested unto him by his piety and prestige rather than by any Church decree. And those who are feared by their higher moral ground, well, tend to be brought down by the group effort of men lesser and of less righteousness both."
    "It had been the case with the closure of the De'Rovere bridge. At some point there might have been a good excuse to do so– back in those days where the world was in turmoil and the Church itself was in peril. But today, well, everyone with half a brain would know there were golden candelabras and gaudy stained glass panels in it for those who'd made the decisions."
    "“What good can an old man do?” Father Fredo is not unfettered by thoughts as such. Once every so often he'd find arising within him a desire to resign from all spiritual duties, and return to being Massimiliano the old man in his last days – un-Graced, unweighted, unfettered."
    "At some point it was appealing to find a place less traveled, perhaps deep in the Inner Forest or further still from civilization, and record the thoughts gleaned through so many years of his life for all posterity. But then, he had long decided against it."
    "He stayed because he was needed – because there were lost souls in need of saving. If he couldn't change things for the better, he could at the very least make sure things didn't change for the worse. To keep the peace, while waiting for his own reckoning – that wouldn't be too far off."
    "Perhaps one of those days the Creator would finally find it within his infinite benevolence to redeem them. He would again walk among men, and in his omnipotence bring the light of dawn upon the mass. Father Fredo might be as stubborn as the likes of Hanes say, or as close-minded as Anatolio argues. That he did not mind: if the faith imperishable in the Creator does not preserve him in his trying hours, then nothing would."
    "Archbishop: As an aside..."
    "The Archbishop passed by him, and into his ears whispered:"
    "Archbishop: Is it not what you have said yourself?"
    "Archbishop: A world that seems too good to be true might as well be too good to be true."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thánh đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "For a while now Father Fredo's eyes have been glued shut. Has he fallen asleep? Or merely waiting for us to react to this preposterous tale he's just recited?"
    "Hanes, too, is shaking his legs, as if pestered by innumerable buzzing insects."
    "And then he loses it. He walks forward and places his hand on Father Fredo's. So it is that the lamb can find the courage of a lion if push comes to shove."
    "Well, at least that was his intention. Hardly has his hand touched the priest's when Father Fredo's eyes snap open."
    "Off flies my dear old Hanes, and leaped behind Azzurra. Now again he shakes, but this time more like out of fear and start."
    "Now Father Fredo has completed his trance-like bout of meditation. He clears his voice, and his voice echoes around the hall."
    "Fredo: That's the predicament. It's unfortunate for all involved that a tool to improve life becomes a tool for power mongering. Until, of course, this investigation comes to a close."
    "Which makes as little sense as the Sun rising in the West."
    A" But all of that waterworks was done courtesy of Elena and her family's men! They can all testify if called to!"
    "Elena will always stand ready if push comes to shove. She's trustworthy, is she not? That's what I really think of her – otherwise I wouldn't be so certain..."
    "Fredo: Anatolio. As a friend of yours, I understand who you are and what you stand for. As a man of the cloth, I fathom your troubles and trials."
    "Fredo: All the same: the decision has been reached and it is final, that all of us, all of the common folks in this quarter, will no longer get to see Elena De'Rovere again."
    Az" W-what? B-but-"
    "It's Azzurra of all people to react in such extremeness. Off she runs, vanishing behind the open door,"
    A" Azzurra!"
    "Fredo: Stop right there, Anatolio."
    "Father Fredo's iron arms have clamped down on mine before I can take off after Azzurra."
    "Fredo: I haven't finished. From now on, as the two bridges are closed, anyone would need proper authorization to pass – even the likes of me."
    "Fredo: You do understand what this mean, I reckon."
    A" You mean-"
    "Fredo: It is the same as those time decades ago."
    "“Times of martial law is upon us.”"
    ""
    "***"
    "THE HORIZON"
    "Volume 1"
    "***"
    "MOVEMENT 4: SUN FESTIVAL"
    "Cảnh: nhà Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "	Anatolio: Ladies. And gentlemen. May I introduce... our main character!"
    "	Anatolio: AZZURAAAA!"
    "	Azzurra: Good morning!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên."
    "	Anatolio: W-where did you come from? And when?"
    "	Azzurra: Just as you were, I don't know, babbling to yourself?"
    "	Let's say Azzurra has been growing ever more... beautiful as she grows. Now her blue dress is accompanied by a plaid apron that works well with her curves. Her hair, too, has now been neatly tied up. The proper, standard-issue cooking attire, according to Mom."
    Az" So the paint-splashing is done, I suppose?"
    A" Of course! Anatolio the Artist always gets things done!"
    A" Wait, what's that with 'paint-splashing'?"
    Az" What, am I not right? Aren't you always drawing... un-pretty things? Let me wear some make-ups, will you?"
    A" Nah. Not sure make-up is going to help the kitchen attire much."
    Az" Kitchen attires? Kitchen attires? //Azzurra to ra// Why not take a closer look to see how cute this looks?"
    "//màn hình nảy lên"
    Az" What's wrong, Ana?"
    A" W-what're you doing, coming so close?"
    Az" What's so wrong with that?"
    "Azzurra tilts her head."
    "There are times I can't help but wonder if she's too naive or too... forward. The years have given her the look of a woman of age who can sway heads as much as Elena can, and she still treats me as if we were both children."
    "Would be good if I could do that. Unfortunately, my thought process can hardly be childlike any more. More so the closer she comes to me."
    A" Right. Right. Want me to draw something else?"
    Az" Eh... no. Th-that's fine as is."
    A" Hmm… let me see what would be elegant..."
    Az" T-that's no necessary—"
    A" Ah!"
    "Azzurra (đỏ mặt): B-but if you'd got some idea…"
    A" A chubby girl and her cake?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "My mom has been giggling all morning at the look of my face, slap and all. Azzurra, for her part, has been so mad she'd run into the kitchen and said nothing for the rest of the morning."
    "Luckily no permanent damage has been done to me or my painting."
    "Maybe I should leave the house for the morning?"
    "I'll have to apologize to Azzurra some time down the line. Though she'd forget about it come the evening, I've got this feeling I've done a bit too far this time."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Today the sky is choked with clouds. Is it any surprise, looking at those baguette-shaped clouds up the stratosphere, that rain would come at any moment now?"
    "Well, that's the same story yesterday, and the day before yesterday, and the day before that, and every other day this season."
    "The rain itself isn't any great concern to me. A little drizzle is hardly enough to wet the street. What really does matter is the cold and fog – it looks as if the air itself has condensed into a dense mass."
    "It takes but a few steps and I can no longer see the roof of our little sundry store. Looks awfully eerie if you ask me, not unlike those dusty tomes deep in Mr. Ascenderos' store he never looks after."
    "The one good thing about the weather is not so many people bother to go out into the streets these days. They'd keep themselves occupied indoors, be it home or taverns."
    "The carriages traveling along the cobblestone have all become equally timid. Which is heaven for the kids: the streets are now their turf for once."
    "In a sense, it's good for me. The air is refreshingly cool, and I have all the space I want to explore the less traveled paths."
    "Perhaps I have never grown up from my childhood love for unlimited imagination. There is infinite fun to be had as long as I keep my eyes peeled and my mind open."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "The second De'Rovere bridge stretches before my eyes as I walk up the main street. The bridge looks so diminished now, swallowed by the fog as it is. Father Fredo's old chapel looms in the distance behind the curtain, as opaque and mysterious as a fairy-tale sorcerer's lightning-cloaked tower."
    "It has been three years now since they closed the bridge. For good measures an iron gate was erected shortly after, when it seemed even a regular Templar squad isn't enough."
    "I don't know when they would finish that so-called investigation. They may well never do, but then after a while we found that the closure really didn't affect everyday life that much."
    "Locked though as it is, the stone bridge's fate looks infinitely better than the first bridge bearing the De'Rovere name."
    "That first one has come tumbling down a year ago. At the end of the day all that it took to knock it to pieces was a minor earthquake."
    "Since then nobody seems bothered to give it a build-over. That's fine: It has become a new normal. Perhaps the bridge itself was the only victim of this debacle, it shall thus rest in pieces."
    "If you asked me what I regret the most over the last three years, that would be not meeting Elena again."
    "Our dear De'Rovere princess happens to be ironically on our same boat despite being on the other side of the river."
    "We did promise to meet again real soon that last night we spoke. I wouldn't have given that seemingly simple word if I knew I wouldn't be able to fulfill it for years to come."
    "I wonder how Elena looks these days. Just looking at Azzurra as a yardstick, I can't help but imagine an infinitely more elegant Elena, hiding somewhere in my dreams"
    "It has to be that way. Elena is, after all, nothing short of ridiculously gorgeous. Tempestuous and hard to please, and a princess in all sense of the word, but also smart and kind – that alone set her above and beyond the rest of the nobility who'd give us common folks nothing but disdain."
    "Perhaps that's why we miss her. I don't know when Azu first knew Elena – but she really does know so many of the high-born girl's secrets. Even those I myself don't know."
    "I wonder if Elena misses us as much as we miss her."
    "Part of me hopes not."
    "As a man in the in, I can say right here, right now: to miss someone is akin to a curse, and a curse should be exorcised. Forgetting things as a child do have unbidden benefits."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con sông"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "Recently I don't get to meet Hanes all that often. After that incident, our trio lost its raison d'etre. There's no longer much of a reason to gather any more."
    "Well, I do know one thing: Hanes is so very busy these days. Church business, he mentioned at some point, and Azzurra speculated that he's doing his best to finally become a priest proper."
    "In the meantime, I continue teaching Azzurra. It's routine, and therefore not very exciting."
    "Sometimes I wish I could add more color to this boring canvas of my life. There has to be more to it than such toys as a water clock, a “magic” spinning top, or a sprinkler that creates rainbows at will because of science."
    "There has yet to be an opportunity to prove myself. Mr. Ines' books and the wisdom in it could leave many more in awe, though for now I'd just rather spend time discovering more new things."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" Thinking something, Anatolio?"
    "***"
    "BG: Khuôn mặt Azzurra nhìn xuống Anatolio (Anatolio đang nằm lên đùi Azzura, Bg thể hiện những gì Anatolio nhìn thấy)"
    "//Sprite Azzurra rất to"
    "I open my eyes... and found Azzurra's face very nearly pressed against mine. Very, very nearly."
    A" Azzurra?"
    A" Mornin'."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bờ sông"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Azzurra's hands reach out for my ears before I can react – or protest."
    Az" What 'morning'? It's almost noon!"
    "I feel two sharp pangs of pain, and my dream fades before my very eyes."
    Az" Well, Aunt Pietro's not seen you come back, so here I am looking for one wayward little boy who may or may not have been lost! Fast forward an hour and here you are, sleeping without a care!"
    "Azzurra purses her lips. This, ironically, gives her a rather funny, exaggerated look – and I can't help but chuckle."
    Az" What's so funny?"
    A" Ha, I know, I know. I'm sorry, 'kay?"
    "Azzurra's cheeks are starting to flush red, lending her an even funnier look."
    "Perhaps I shouldn't have done that. Apparently Azzurra's now so embarrassed – she turns away, and drops the locked Mom gave her."
    A" Hey, you dropped the locket..."
    Az" So?"
    A" So? So I'll just pocket it, 'kay?"
    Az" So?"
    A" Uh... isn't this what my mom gives you? Sure you don't want it any more?"
    Az" So?"
    A" Right then, I can have it, right? Which means I can toss it away right? I suppose the river can always use a good splash..."
    "I lift the locket up high, and leaned back mocking a toss..."
    Az" Hey, stop that! Give it back!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bờ sông"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "I can't say I didn't deserve being pushed to the ground. Of course, Azzurra being Azzurra, that was followed by a string of apologies as she helped me back on my feet."
    A" To be honest, I don't recall falling asleep here of all places..."
    "I just realize, right now, I am standing next to a bench a fair distance from the bridge or the river."
    "Wasn't I supposed to be by the river, staring at the water before? What has happened between then and now, and why am I drawing a blank?"
    Az" No you didn't. I found you there next to the old oak tree, see? Had to evacuate you from there – didn't you realize there's a nest of ants pretty close by?"
    "Azzurra points to the offending oak tree. It does look like the sort you'd find lots of ants, so there is that."
    A" I... see?"
    "Something didn't add up. I can't recall having fallen asleep at all, much less there of all places. I don't think I have ever come close to that place before?"
    "Actually, to think of it, I've just realized I'm standing in a part of town I am not exactly familiar with. Had Azzurra not found me, I'd have to worry about finding my way home..."
    "Logically speaking, there are two possibilities."
    "Either I've sleep-walked through traffic and whatever hazards along the river bank."
    "Or someone has knocked me unconscious and left me here."
    "Both possibilities are equally horrifying."
    Az" Anatolio?"
    A" … Excuse me?"
    Az" You're sweating buckets, you know. Are you okay?"
    "Azzurra's hand finds my forehead. Checking me for a fever, no doubt. To be honest, I really want to say 'no, I'm having a cold'. That would excuse me from having to explain the loss of short-term memory I'm apparently having."
    "But then Azzurra touches her forehead for comparison, and puts on her amateur doctor hat."
    Az" You aren't haven't a temperature. That's a relief."
    A" Azzurra. Thank you."
    Az" Look at you, what's that 'thank you' for? Are you sure you are okay? This is worrying, you know? //mặt gian xảo// Unless... you happened to hit your head on a branch or something and fell unconscious just now?"
    A" Why, that might just be it."
    "I shrug. Azzurra's joke has dispelled part of my fright. Not all of it, mind. At the very least I can deceive myself into believing Azzurra's explanation holds water."
    "After all, Anatolio Pietro is well known for overthinking things."
    "In any case, I am grateful, and shall cheer Azzurra up to return the favor."
    "I gesture to Azzurra."
    A" Azzurra! Wanna see something I've just dreamed up?"
    "I steal a glance at Azzurra's surprised face, then begin on my work."
    "I pick a dozen twigs all over the ground, each the size of a toothpick, and trim them to equal size. The end product is a collection of near-uniform, unbent little sticks."
    "Then I arrange them in a rectangle, half a dozen laid parallel. The blades of wild grass now come in handy as makeshift strings. Now the material is ready, and  the sticks became two woven planks."
    "I pick the better-looking one, and added four more sticks along the sides. My handiwork now looks like a miniature, crude baking tray."
    "Then I tie the two planks together – the 'baking tray' on top, the flat one below, and fill the space in between with as many oak leaves as I can fit."
    "Now that the whole construct has been secured, I pick the broadest, most intact leaf I can find in the vicinity, and pierce the last stick I've got through it. Then I plant the stick with the leaf attacked on the middle of the construct."
    "The last order of business is to place the whole thing on the water. Thankfully, the river is calm and peaceful these days, and my makeshift raft has no trouble staying afloat."
    "	As river-worthy as a toy raft can ever get."
    A" The leaves make for good water-proof material, see?"
    "I bask in Azzurra's admiration as I provide a very short explanation."
    "As to where that idea came from? Well, it flashed in my head just moments ago. And yet I pulled it off successfully from the first try."
    "It's almost like deja vu. And it feels strange and awesome in equal measures."
    "Azzurra stares at the floating raft, mesmerized. Then she lifts it off the water with both hands, as if handling an extraordinarily fragile and beautiful thing (Which my handiwork kind of is)  "
    Az" Can I take it home?"
    "The raft is still wet, and droplets of water flow through Azzurra's fingers, pattering on the surface, raising tiny overlapping waves – it is almost refreshing."
    A" Right, shall we go home?"
    "I pat on Azzurra's shoulder, and receive a happy nod."
    "Azzurra isn't so grown up now, and returns to the self I am most familiar with, as a happy little girl, skipping all the way home overly pleased with my gift."
    "Along the way I hear sounds lingering in the air that sound surprisingly like people chattering. But no, that's just the wind."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Cánh đồng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Figure #1: Report."
    "The figure is tiny and crooked, yet exudes an air of bossiness. He stares at the second figure with blinkless eyes."
    "Figure #2: All green, sir."
    "The second figure, tall and lanky, has a voice that doesn't quite live up to his form. In fact, his tiny voice makes him appear rather sickly in mind and spirit alike."
    "Figure #1: Excellent."
    "Figure #2: And my pay, sir?."
    "Figure #1: We've already agreed that the mayor will take care of that, haven't we?"
    "Figure #2: F-fair enough—"
    "Figure #3: Seems like I'm being talked about, no? I've made it in time, I believe?"
    "This third person is large and overly self-important. His bloated belly is the one thing everyone can notice – a veritable drum filled with so much fat. His mustache in the dark resembles a trident of ruddy hair, crooked and uneven."
    "His presence alone is enough to drive a start up the first figure's body."
    "Figure #1: M-Mr. Mayor, sir!"
    "Mayor: What's the current progress?"
    "The mayor's beady eyes fix on the tiny figure"
    "Figure #1: N-nearly there, sir!"
    "Now the figure's assertiveness vanishes. He rubs his hands, as if frozen. His tiny form looks now even more diminished."
    "Figure #2: Everything is un-under control, sir. Please do rest assured."
    "The sickly man follows suit with the groveling."
    "Mayor: I want no problem, no complication, no slip-ups. I want our festival to trump theirs at all cost!"
    "Figure #1: But of course, sir!"
    "Figure #2: B-but sir! Do we actually need to hold a separate festival? We've been working well the way things were before..."
    "Figure #1: Shush it! You want trouble?"
    "Figure #2: But-"
    "Mayor: I heard it."
    "Figure #1: S-sir…"
    "The tiny figure trembles as if suffering from the chills. He falls behind the lanky fellow, taking as much shelter as he can get from his colleague's stature"
    "Mayor: You. Come here."
    "Figure #2: Y-yes, sir-"
    "Mayor: Your suggestion makes a certain kind of sense..."
    "Figure #2: Y-yes sir, if you'd allow, of course, I'd go make the necessary preparations to-"
    "Mayor: There is one problem—"
    "//Màn hình xoay vòng. Nẩy lên. Như bị ném xuống đấy."
    "Figure #1: S-sir! P-please calm!"
    "Mayor: Wretched creature! Don't you get it? It is not your place to voice whatever worthless opinion your dungheap of a brain dredges up!"
    "Mayor: A single festival? A single festival! Traditions and all that junks? I spit on the lot of them! Junk, that's what they are, dishonorable, shameful junk!"
    " Mayor: This is our pride, you hear that? The pride of us of the Common Quarters! Can't you hear the shouts and the clamoring? Well let me tell you what: it's a matter of honor!"
    "Mayor: They think we're poor? That we're useless because of our material wants? Well, sure, let them think that! We aren't merchants, we aren't rich, sure we are not! All the more reasons we must not let them moneybags look down on us!"
    "Mayor: Remember the Creator is with us, as are His saints! Their blessings are with us, those poor in wealth yet rich in virtues! Not those sinful wretches!"
    "Figure #2: …"
    "The assaulted man lies frozen on the ground swallowed by fright."
    "Not that he had ever heard anyone shouting or screaming or clamoring for anything before – it's only the mayor."
    "Looking up at the mayor towering above him, the only thing he sees is too much belly and too little head."
    "Mayor: I'll show them. I'll show them what a huge mistake the moneybags have made!"
    "His jaws grind. The noise is beyond grisly."
    "Mayor: Your Holiness, Meyr the Creator! You've heard us! We are the true followers of the Faith! We are the only ones who worship and pay you tribute! Let death and strife and holy vengeance be wrecked upon those evil-doers!"
    "Figure #2: Y-your Excellency! W-we should not so needlessly invoke the Creator's name so!"
    "Figure #1: Sh-shut your traps!"
    "Mayor: That's enough. I get the message."
    "Figure#2: B-but that is—"
    "Mayor: Men!"
    "His voice drawls – drowning into the night."
    DD" Yessir!"
    "Mayor: Toss this dastard down the river. For foul murder!"
    "Figure #2: S-sir?"
    DD" Yessir!"
    "//NVL"
    "“Forgive me! Forgive me! Spare me! M-m-m-m'lord!”"
    "The screams and shouts are soon drowned out in the distance. Did he commit a crime? Did he not? Does it even matter?"
    "Of course, he's fallen out of sight now, to his inevitable doom. Now the mayor looks, his narrowing eyes glaring daggers at the willows along the river bank. His mustache looks like an overly sharpened trident: terrible and relentless."
    "The other, quite a bit wiser and infinitely more fortunate, stands where he is. He has spoken nothing but that which he needs to – and now whisper just a couple words to the mayor. His knees wobble, but the mayor's long laughter could mean only one thing."
    "And so the willow dance in the silent break of dawn."
    "“What a good morning,” they seem to say."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Cánh đồng"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "//ADV"
    "Mayor: As an aside."
    "Mayor: The girl is not coming, is she?"
    "Figure #1: S-sir?"
    "Mayor: Did you seriously want me to repeat myself?"
    "Figure #1: N-no sir. P-probably not."
    "Mayor: “Probably not”?"
    "Figure #1: Sir! I-I mean, “certainly not”, sir! On both counts! The girl isn't going there, I would see to that with my life! Do rest assured, sir!"
    "Mayor: Good. And him? Any development on that side?"
    "Figure #1: No, sir. He said he will have his own plans, though."
    "The mayor bites his lips. And then he smiles."
    "Mayor: It isn't our place to intervene in Church business. Let the dastard do what he wants."
    "Mayor: The girl is a produce of the Shadow. She shall not take part in this festival most holy. We'll be cursed."
    "Figure #1: B-but what if she crosses the river and attend their festival instead?"
    "Mayor: Not bloody likely. They aren't any fonder of her than we are. I know the old coward too well."
    "Mayor: Either way, that's none of our business."
    "“Good riddance if they'd help her and get cursed instead. That's what we want, no?”"
    "Hours have passed, yet those words still linger on, in the trees and grass along the river."
    "Or perhaps, perhaps, that would be the cooing of the pigeons."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Today more clouds take to the sky, so white and fluffy, as if pestering people to look at them."
    "Not like anyone bothers. The roosters crow, the dogs bark, and life still proceeds as per normal – busy and without much poetry."
    "Yet another delightful morning in the all-so-exciting City."
    "Azzurra has been dragging me around several bookstores and libraries for a while now."
    "Dad isn't going on long trips any more, so we're living on our family's sundry store. It's not a thing that four people can live on, counting Azzurra, because the allowance she receives from Father Fredo isn't cutting it."
    "Besides, we are family, or at least that's what it seems to me now."
    "Suffice to say it's about time Azzurra and I find something to do for myself."
    "That's where the biggest surprise came in. We were recruited into Mr. Ascenderos' new cafe."
    "And so it is, that Mr. Ascenderos, Ascenderos the fool, Ascenderos the drunkard, has become our biggest benefactor."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: quán trà"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ-sáng"
    "Everything has a reason."
    "A while ago Mr. Ascenderos' store burned down. The couple could only save their lives, not their property."
    "It was no surprise that the poor man fell ill and was bedridden for a month."
    "And yet that one fire might have well redeemed his life. Ever since then, the Ascenderossi changed, the both of them."
    "No longer were they the miserly troublemakers debt-monger they used to be. Now a teetotaller, Mr. Ascenderos became a better person for it – more open, more helpful, more accepting..."
    "He asked for help, and the neighborhood answered. Ever little bit helped, and he got enough to start anew."
    "The result is this cafe."
    "To think of it, Azzurra has something to do with all of this."
    "To be exact, the idea dawned upon him right after Azzurra treated him to tea. That cleared his mind so much, Mr. Ascenderos apparently thinks he's now indebted to her."
    "And being basically Azzurra's best friend, I get some of the benefit too."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Well, you could go off if you're tired. I'll handle the rest."
    "That permission and his now-ubiquitous warm smile are things we see every noon these days."
    "It isn't like the cafe is empty to begin with. As it happens, lots of customers come, many just to support his endeavor, and the old man has little trouble keeping the place running smoothly."
    "Ascenderos: Off ya go – have fun! Life's short, take breaks while you can!"
    "Again, it's not like we can stay when he's said that – he'd just kick us out. The problem is that we aren't his only employee. At some point, the special treatment starts to come off as odd to the both of us."
    "But then orders are orders. Because even if he would not kick us out, he'd still refuse to give us any more work until the end of the working shift."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Don't you find that odd? Doesn't Mr. Ascenderos need every hand he can get?"
    Az" Just think about it, we're goofing off while everyone else is working their behind off! It's like... I'm not earning my keep!"
    Az" But it would be bad not taking the pay, would it? Should we just, you know, quit?"
    Az" But then what other place would have us? And we can't go on without working, that would be unfair for Auntie, wouldn't it?"
    "All along the way Azzurra has been mumbling and mumbling and mumbling on all along the way. I'm starting to feel she's getting disoriented from her own rambling."
    A" Hey, Azzurra. Does it really bother you that much?"
    "Sounds rude, but I'm getting to my limit."
    Az" You bet it does! This has to do with our names and Mr. Ascenderos' name! If he keeps treating us like this, well, sooner or later the other people would be fed up, and they'll just leave, you know?"
    "I'm not sure if her logic follows. What I do get, however, is that Mr. Ascenderos' preferential treatment has a more profound effect on Azzurra than I thought."
    "I guess it isn't good to exploit someone else's indebtedness like this."
    "But still..."
    A" Don't worry too much."
    "I pat her on the shoulder."
    A" I... well, I don't think anything wrong would happen out of it."
    "So it has come to the day that I have to speak the opposite of my mind to placate someone else. Life amazes me with its incredible unpredictability."
    "And what's wrong with that?"
    "After all, I said 'I don't think' – as in a speculation. And I am not infallible, so even if that comes out wrong, it's not like I'm lying or tricking her."
    "I would just be, well, wrong."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Of course, just running around during business hour isn't exactly pleasing to the eyes of the beholders, more so when your parents live in the general vicinity."
    "The two of us have duly dodged the market square close to home. Now we're hanging around in the new market, a few blocks away. Before the bridge closed this was the estate of some of the wealthier Merchants' Guild associates. They'd since left for greener pastures."
    Az" Well, what are we doing now?"
    A" Eh…"
    A" Not sure myself."
    Az" So are we just running around in circles like this?"
    "I thought it is just the preferential treatment thing that's annoying Azzurra. Turns out she's really under the weather today."
    A" Isn't the new market, you know, sort of your home turf?"
    "For reasons only herself and the Creator understands, Azzurra visits this place at a frightening frequency – even more than her coming to the old market area closer to home."
    Az" Uh huh."
    "That's the cue to change the topic, I suppose?"
    A" How about heading out to the Iovis?"
    "Azzurra (sáng rỡ): I'm in! //Azzurra chuyển sắc thái buồn rầu// On second thoughts... maybe not today..."
    A" That is random. What's wrong with the river?"
    "Azzurra (sau lưng): Nothing. Nothing at all. Let's... let's just do what we're doing."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: chợ"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Women are truly one of the greater mysteries of the cosmos. Hardly ten minutes have passed when Azzurra returns to her lively self again."
    "No love lost, I guess."
    Az" Hey, hey, Ana, hurry up, hurry up! Look lively, now!"
    "She pulls my hand, and skips as she walks. We now return to our previous road, but instead of drowning in her moodiness like then, Azzurra has found her excitement. She starts cruising across shop-window after show-window, looking all she wants and buying none of the merchandise."
    "That's a bit too much energy for someone who's just been down like ten minutes ago."
    "Then she stops before a certain store. “Altique”, says the sign. Somehow this shop, this one shop, caught her fancy. A little too much, if I may add."
    Az" Want some more art supplies, Ana?"
    A" What for? I still have enough. Dad's going to ask funny questions if-"
    "Besides, I happen to have a rather strong sense of brand loyalty, and that belongs to a certain kind of paint sold near our place."
    "There's a reason to that pickiness. Choosing paint carelessly is as much a crime to an artist as picking rotting material for a cook, or carrying out operations drunk for a surgeon."
    "Not that my refusal bothers Azu any. Off she jumps to a new store just a few yards down the line."
    "Now this one is a confectionery, and a bit of an odd one too: it's old and somewhat rundown, as opposed to the general newness of the neighborhood."
    Az" How about candies, Ana?"
    A" Nope and nope!"
    "***"
    "Địa điểm: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Old woman: So what is it today, dear?"
    "I suppose this is how it is destined to end. Azzurra tugging at me ends up drawing the attention of an elderly, kindly-looking grandmother... who happens to be running the store."
    "Azzurrra: Ma'am, may I have a-"
    "Oh no you don't."
    A" I mean, nothing, ma'am. We're just asking for-."
    "Trying to gag an overly excited Azzurra is no mean feat."
    Az" Uhmmmm-"
    "Except that turns out to be all for nil."
    "Old woman: Ah, I see. Pops, isn't it? I've got lots to go around. Only for special occasions. How many would you like?"
    "	And then the old woman disappears behind the door."
    "	She reappears exactly a minute later, producing a jar full of so many lollipops."
    "***"
    "Địa điểm: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Whichever this sort of candy is, renaming it “Azzurra's Delight” is exactly what I would do. Either that, or “The Scourge of the Most Noble and Ancient House of Pietro”"
    Az" Oh, oh, oh! I want that – and that – and that – and that too!"
    "I thought we've all seen that coming. Kind of my fault, really. I've been paying for her lunches for a while now..."
    A" Hey, Azzurra. Candies are no substitute for proper food!"
    "I am not sure whether I am saying that to her benefit, or to my sniveling wallet's"
    Az" And there's nothing wrong with that! Candies are perfect for lunch as is!"
    A" Yes there is! You'll go hungry and scream out for food in like half an hour, just mark my word!"
    Az" And there's nothing wrong with that too! Your treat, as always!"
    A" Not now, not ever! One lunch per day only! One-per-day! You buy that, I'm not getting you proper food for the rest of the day – pay for it yourself!"
    Az" That's not what we agreed!"
    A" Yes that is! So give it up!"
    "To be fair, I'd get her lunch anyway. But sometimes with a girl like Azu, you need to draw the line – especially when candies are concerned."
    "… Somehow, I'm getting the feeling that isn't going to work out."
    A" Alright. Fine. Tell me how catering to your sweet tooth is part of our little agreement, and I'll see to it. If you can prove it."
    Az" Promise!"
    "***"
    "Địa điểm: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "All told, it is a small confectionery, dwarfed by every other building around ther neighborhood. It seems the place has just been repaired recently. The smell of new paint still lingers around in the air, and not even the most mouth-watering scent of sugar and flavoring can overwhelm it."
    "Now that I recall, before the incident, the building used to be a merchant-noble's storehouse."
    "Old woman: Your change, dear."
    Az" Thank you, ma'am!"
    "Azzurra's joy is palpable. My wallet disagrees, but who am I to protest..."
    "Old woman: It's good being young, is it not? Like the dawn of the morrow..."
    A" Yes, thank you, ma'am."
    "In other times, my answer might come off as rude. Somehow I feel this is not one of those 'other times'."
    "The old woman's eyes shine: Azzurra won our little argument in a most unexpected manner."
    "I'm not one to relate my losses. But for the sake of the narrative, I'll just have to do so this once..."
    "Địa điểm: Đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng-Quá khứ"
    A" Alright. Fine. Tell me how catering to your sweet tooth is part of our little agreement, and I'll see to it. If you can prove it."
    Az" Promise!"
    A" Will do, ma'am."
    "I don't recall trying to hide my arrogance. After all, that's like the privilege of the smart, isn't it?"
    Az" Alright. You said you will treat me to lunch."
    A" Effective today."
    Az" Did you say how many lunches?"
    A" One lunch a day, my dear Azu. We are not halflings."
    "That seemed to corner Azzurra... not at all. She place both hands on her temple, as if conducting an arcane ritual to boost her logical capacity."
    Az" Right. New question. How many courses are there in a lunch?"
    A" Doesn't that depend? Mom usually does two or three-"
    "Wait, why is she asking me that? Unless-"
    "My realization came a second too late. The day had belonged to Azzurra the moment I opened my mouth that once."
    Az" See? You never said how many courses you're treating me to!"
    A" Wait a second here—"
    Az" No 'wait', my dear gent! The candy shall be the dessert to today's lunch!"
    A" Wait, what?"
    "//Sound FX: Èo"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "To be fair, I could still have a fighting chance. Azzurra still hadn't had a completely flawless solution – desserts do not come before the rest of the meal, now does it?"
    "The lollipop melts like ice in the sun. Thanks to Azzurra – I don't remember seeing Azzurra so excited as she is."
    A" I'd appreciate if you'd eat more... quietly, Azzurra."
    Az" What quiet?"
    A" Could you please can it with the lip smacking? Oh, and it isn't like I can actually hear what you're saying like that..."
    Az" Wanna try, Ana?"
    A" Nah. I'll pass!"
    Az" Try! Try!"
    A" I said nope! N-O-P-E!"
    A" I'm not going to have desserts before the main course. That's just... not classy."
    "//Sound FX: èo"
    "Wait a sec. What did I just say?"
    Az" Haha, gotcha!"
    "Sure, Azzurra, you win this time. It just looks like my face's been brushed with a fresh layer of red paint."
    "Old woman: Ha ha!"
    "Old woman: Such energy, being young. Tell you what, I'll give you something else – consider it a promotion!"
    "Again she vanishes behind the door."
    "I thought I should stop her, but then perhaps nothing I say is going to help my case."
    "On the other hand, Azzurra doesn't look like she'd appreciate if I'd do so."
    Az" See, see, Ana! Let's not turn down a present, shall we?"
    "Old woman: You heard the lady!"
    "It seems like the old woman just has issues hearing what I have to say, not Azzurra. Something about selective obliviousness."
    "In just a blink the old woman returns, in her hands a tiny, well-wrapped pack."
    "Old woman: Here you go."
    "I open the package: Inside, there are two perfectly golden pops that resembles an artist's rendition of the sun."
    "Azzurra's jaw drops."
    Az" It's gorgeous!"
    "Old woman: It has to be, dear. Pure honey, and reserved only for a very special occasion."
    "Old woman: The Sun Festival's coming, and only my store sells it."
    Az" The Sun…"
    A" … Festival?"
    "Old woman:  That's what it is. Once every ten years, and they don't let kids under ten into it. You don't get so many opportunities in your life. Suppose this'll be the last time I get to make these for the festival..."
    "The old woman recounts the times she'd attended. So many festivals, that many decades in her life. She stops at the seventh finger, and sighs."
    "Old woman: Well, well, well. That means—"
    "Old woman: Oh, and pay me no mind. That's being old: your mind'd be so muddled, you can't think so clear any more..."
    A" We won't, ma'am."
    "There is that silent melancholy in her voice that makes the whole atmosphere around us sink."
    "Old woman: Thank you."
    "She sighs again."
    "Old woman: Once upon a time I'd like to tell kids like you what it was like back then, during the good festivals. Unfortunately—"
    A" Unfortunately?"
    "Meanwhile Azzurra is still having her way with the lollipop."
    "Old woman: Not this time. Sorry about that."
    "I thought she'd give us an answer or two. I never expected her to become so... cross?"
    Az" Why so?"
    "Old woman: It's not that I want to hide anything, dear. It's just that-"
    "Old woman: There was an... unfortunate incident the last time. Pardon an old woman, not wanting to recall that time."
    "Now she looks away, as if our inquisitive gaze is harmful to her."
    "Old woman: Now, if there's nothing else, I'll excuse myself. Pardon me for rambling on, if you will?"
    A" No, no, ma'am, that's fine."
    "Old woman: That's a fine young man."
    Az" It's amazing! Could I have some m-"
    A" Let's be off, now!"
    "It is only with extreme effort that I could save Azzurra from making yet another gaffe in the public."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Awesome, awesome!"
    Az" A festival's coming! A festival's coming! ~"
    A" Nobody paid you to do the work of the town caller, Azzurra!"
    Az" Can you not be such a killjoy? Look, a festival's coming! Why not relax and let me have a bit of time off?"
    "Azzurra licks the lollipop. Now the half-eaten sun-shaped candy in her hand has been so deformed it resembles a golden frowning face."
    "I shrug."
    A" I'm not so sure about that."
    Az" Not sure? About what? Whether this tastes good? Or a festival's fun?"
    A" Oh, please."
    "Azzurra sniffs triumphantly."
    Az" Well then, it's about the festival, right?"
    Az" You can always hire me to do the investigation, y'know?"
    A" I'll pass, thanks. I'd have better luck putting on the detective cap myself."
    Az" Hey, have more trust in me, will you?"
    "A word for the wise: Trying to sound grown-up-like while licking a lollipop isn't going to give you the best of credentials."
    "Speaking of that lollipop—"
    "It does look rather nice, now that I think about it."
    "There's another in the pack, if I remember it right?"
    "How about I give it a try?"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên."
    A" Creator's mercy! Is this honey or vinegar?"
    "I'm just an inch from tossing the whole thing away. The sourness still bites my tongue – my taste buds must have taken terrible, terrible damage in the meantime."
    Az" Eh, what? This is deliciously sweet?"
    A" Wait, what? It's burnt my tongue off!"
    "Azzurra licks her sweet, then hangs it in my face."
    A" W-what are you doing?"
    Az" Try it yourself!"
    "You kidding me? Try out this droll-drenched lollipop?"
    Az" What's the matter, Ana? Try it! Try it!"
    "I try to back off, but to no avail: Azzurra just steps closer to me. Doesn't look like she's going to give up on this silly proposition, does it?"
    "Not like I can avoid it any..."
    A" R-right…"
    "I stick out my tongue, just enough to touch the drenched lollipop."
    "Queasiness aside, it..."
    "...isn't so bad?"
    "“Wait, this does taste like honey...” Still doubtful, I give the thing another try."
    "At the same time..."
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên."
    "//Azzurra rất tó."
    Az" SOUR!!!!"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên."
    "//Azzurra nhỏ lại."
    Az" T-t-t-too sour!"
    "Azu's reaction pacifies my worries somewhat – my sense of taste hasn't yet been broken."
    A" I suppose that's where the different flavoring comes into play?."
    Az" But this is murderously, homicidally, man-slaughteringly sour!"
    "Tears well up in Azzurra's eyes as she sniffs and coughs."
    "I, however, have something else in mind other than this business about candies and sweet versus (murderously) sour flavoring."
    "Azzurra is actually right for once. I am rather intrigued with this festival. Not the candies – selling stuff is just part and parcel of any good festivity."
    "It's the ten-year gap that makes me feel odd. That alone implies a very huge festival. So huge, in theory, that the sheer fact that I don't recall anything is completely unfathomable."
    Az" Once every ten years... must be a ginormous one!"
    "Yes, Azzurra, that's what I'm thinking."
    A" So it seems. But then why am I not recalling anything?"
    "Let's recap. I'm turning twenty-one come next January. Which means the last time the festival took place I was just about ten."
    "What did the old woman have to say about that again?"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    "Old woman: That's what it is. Once every ten years, and they don't let kids under ten into it."
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    A" I was ten then, wasn't I? That means I should have been allowed in. But why is my brain drawing a blank?"
    A" Unless I wasn't old enough back then. But then that's contradictory..."
    A" And then there's also that “unfortunate incident” she mentioned."
    "It's a pretty large leap of logic, but is there any chance such incident is connected to me of all people?"
    "No, let's try again."
    "It's not impossible there's a trick of the logic there, now that I think of it. Let's compare the following two statements that seems identical at first hearing:"
    "One, “They only allow kids older than ten into it”"
    "Two, “They don't allow kids under ten into it.”"
    "Now, in common wisdom it isn't unheard of to have people use statement #2 when what they actually mean is #1. Because a statement implying enforced prohibition, which #1 is, tends to ring harder to the common human sensibility."
    "But then this creates the loophole. Namely, kids who are exactly ten."
    "They'd fulfill clause two, but not clause one."
    "So, the short version is, I might as well have been legitimately forbidden from attending the festival."
    "	This is the part where I should mumble on about Occam's Razor. Why go for dark thoughts and overly complicated explanations, when this simple study into the human sensibility would work out?"
    Az" Hey, Anatolio."
    A" Yes?"
    Az" What are you mumbling about? What common wisdom? What contradiction? And what's that dark thoughts stuff I heard?"
    A" Eh?"
    "Dear me. I've let my thoughts slip again. Pardon me, bad habits die hard."
    A" No, it's nothing. Nothing at all."
    "Azzurra (há hốc mồm): Woah there! Stop right there, Ana!"
    "Azzurra (cười nham hiểm): Don't tell me you're thinking something dark~"
    A" Eh, what?"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    Az" Heh, I'm just kidding!"
    Az" Speaking of which, do you recall anything?"
    A" Recall? About what?"
    Az" It's nearly ten years now, isn't it? Since we first met at Grandpa's place."
    Az" Time does fly, doesn't it? Gramps was still healthy then, and now-"
    "That's right."
    "	That's about it. It's been ten years, hasn't it?"
    "Cảnh: phòng Anatolio"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    "My memory may be a bit hazy for my own good..."
    "But I can definitely recollect being terribly ill – as in, bedridden for three months. Between Dad, Mom and me, we missed lots of things we could have done in the time."
    "There are, of course, people who came round trying to console my parents. They must have thought I wasn't going to make it."
    "In a different parallel universe, that would have been the case. But I suppose I have no use speculating about a parallel universe that has nothing to do with my life in present..."
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    "//Sprite Azzurra nhỏ"
    "That first time I met Azzurra, she was just in her first month in Mr. Ines' place."
    "Back then, she wasn't exactly the most crafty little girl. Her dexterity was wanting, and not a day passed without her breaking something, or burning something, or tearing something she's supposed to fix."
    "No wonder she caused Mr. Ines so much trouble. So much so, she earned herself the rather unflattering nickname of “Butterfinger.”"
    "Though, this wouldn't be a good time or place for reminiscence."
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Back to business."
    "“Ten years”. This number has been repeated overly much today. I guess at a certain point repetition does indeed imply correlation."
    "That “unfortunate incident” the confectioner mentioned? What are the odds it has something to do with Azzurra's presence?"
    "Not that high, but not that insignificant."
    "Exactly what had happened back then, I wonder?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" Anatolio! Hey, hey, Anatolio! EARTH TO ANA, DO YOU HEAR?"
    "Azzurra's shouting seems to have bored a hole into the space-time continuum. Or at least, that's my eardrum's interpretation of the incident."
    A" Too loud, Azu! What's the matter?"
    Az" The matter is there's this one guy who won't answer me until I scream in his ears!"
    A" Answering what?"
    "Azzurra (thở dài): Ah, well—"
    Az" Did you even hear what I say just now?"
    "Well, the last thing she said that I recollect is..."
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    Az" Time does fly, doesn't it? Gramps was still healthy then, and now-"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    A" Sorry about that."
    "I clasp my hands, confession-style."
    A" I was just lost in my own thoughts, see?"
    "Azzurra (thở dài): Just typical Ana."
    A" So what is it that you asked again?"
    Az" I said, where-are-we-going-now?"
    "Azzurra (thở dài): You aren't supposed to take five minutes to answer that one thing!"
    A" Sorry, sorry, let me think about that—"
    "Azzurra (tức giận): Well, thinking time's over! Let's not spend another five minutes standing in the sun over this, okay?"
    A" Y-yeah, well, sorry about that, and stuff, uh..."
    "Azzurra rarely gets too cross, but when she does, the universe isn't prepared."
    "It might be a bad idea in hindsight, but how about picking something to do at random? Anything!"
    "We shall—"
    "Choice 6.6"
    "1.	Look for Hanes"
    "2.	Just ask any random passer-by"
    "3.	“When in doubt, parents”"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.6=1"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    A" We go find Hanes."
    "I said, as if that's the surest thing I can come up with on the spot."
    "Azzurra (há hốc mồm): …"
    "Let's be honest: that number ten has been clinging to my head and would not let go. And I need someone who knows and is willing to shed some light on the coincidence."
    "Hanes wouldn't necessarily have known more than I do then, being a kid himself. But he might as well do now, being an initiate and a Graced no less. Failing that, there's always the chance Father Fredo would have told him at some point."
    "In any case, he's about the most trustworthy soul I can ask on this matter."
    "Now, it's no longer that easy to find Hanes any more, but I deserve some brownie points for trying."
    "Bad comes to worse I'll just scream in his ears."
    A" I know, it's not exactly a walk in the park, but not that impossible. We'll just walk to the chapel, then scream out his name. Something to that effect."
    Az" Well, in fact—"
    A" In fact, we can try looking for him in the streets or something. Hanes goes around on Church errands often, doesn't he?"
    "It isn't exactly courteous or classy to interrupt his official Church business, but that's all I can come up with."
    Az" In fact, I don't think we need to go find Hanes. Like at all."
    A" Because?"
    Az" Because here he is!"
    H" H-hullo!"
    "//Goto ChoiceOut 6.6"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.6 =2"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Let's be honest: that number ten has been clinging to my head and would not let go. And I need someone who knows and is willing to shed some light on the coincidence."
    "Hanes would perhaps be the most accessible source of information I have in mind at the moment. Being an initiate and a Graced no less, he should know more about how to run this festival than most of the random people I can ask, or even my parents."
    "There's only the slight problem that he's as busy as ten men, and it would be neither classy nor courteous disturbing him right about now. So..."
    A" Let's just continue walking around."
    "Azzurra (thở dài): That's boring!"
    "Not so fast, Azu. That's why I have to find another way."
    A" Not exactly so if you help me keep an eye out on people who look trustworthy?"
    Az" Wait, what? Why must I do that?"
    A" I'll tell you later, 'kay?"
    Az" I'm not doing anything until you tell me why!"
    A" Please, Azu, can't you trust me for once?"
    Az" No means no!"
    "Azzurra steels her face and makes a point not to answer."
    "What choice do I have but tell the truth?"
    A" Okay, fine, you win, happy?"
    A" Let's find someone trustworthy so I can just maybe ask them about this Sun Festival."
    Az" Eh?"
    A" This festival business... don't you find it terribly fishy? I'll tell you more later on exactly how terribly fishy I think it is, but we need all the facts before that."
    A" So, how about you find someone who looks like they have five minutes to spare and wouldn't lie to a pair of wide-eyed, inquisitive and probably relevant twenty-year-old? People older than us should have attended this festival thing at least once, shouldn't they?"
    "Azzurra (trầm tư): Hmm…"
    Az" Alright. Sincere as you are, I'll lend you my incredibly sharp eyes and even sharper tongue for this business."
    "Well, that's both overconfident and sappy at the same time..."
    Az" But wait, how about Hanes?"
    A" My first thought exactly. Problem being he's locked on the other side of the bridge. You know how that happened."
    Az" That's not what I mean – do you think Hanes is trustworthy?"
    A" Of course he is. If he were here, things would be much clearer. The only problem is—"
    C0" H-Hullo! Did someone say my name?"
    "//Goto ChoiceOut 6.6"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.6=3"
    "Cảnh: nhà Pietro"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "//Global.ParentPoint++"
    P" Nope, not a clue!"
    "I found Dad where he usually is, sitting in his bench reading all sorts of things after dinner."
    "Now his fingers drum against the handrest. He looks... irritated somehow."
    A" … was that something I said, Dad? Isn't like this is something to hide, right?"
    P" I said not a clue. Even if I did, wouldn't be a good idea to say."
    "“I dare you to try” is what his smirk says as he looks in our general direction. Strangely, Mom isn't so quick to jump to my defense as she usually does this one time."
    "So there you have it. I've done what I can, It's not that easy to suppress the headache that this festival and the magic number ten have roused in me."
    "I thought of Hanes before, but then would he necessarily know more than I do? I want an answer from an eyewitness rather than hearsays. Dad seemed a perfect choice at the time."
    P" Let me remind you, young man, not to be distracted! Bed, bed it is! You've got work tomorrow – don't let Mr. Ascenderos give you the sack!"
    "And with that Azzurra was politely shoved to the curb."
    "Well, I'll put that down to Anatolio Pietro putting his faith in the wrong person. Dad is simply not listening."
    "Though, to be honest, when I look at Mom and her being not exactly comfortable with the business, it does seem like they are hiding something from me, and are thoroughly unwilling to let it go."
    A" Fine, fine, fine. I'll go ask Hanes when I can then."
    "What a way to waste a day."
    A" On a side note—"
    "All I can do is right now go for a defiant last laugh."
    A" I hardly think I'd ever get fired, Dad."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "“Honey, is that really what we should do?”"
    "“Well, what do we do then? It isn't like we should tell him. Unhappy stuff. I know the sort.”"
    "“Unhappy or not he will find out sooner or later. If we let him know early, perhaps—”"
    "“Well then, let him go figure it out himself. The Creator has endowed him with a destiny of his own and the brains to see it done.”"
    "//Goto ChoiceOut 6.6"
    "***"
    "ChoiceOut 6.6"
    "Cảnh: quán trà"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    H" S-Sun Festival?"
    A" That's the magic word!"
    "//If Choice 6.6 ==3"
    "Anatolio always does what he says. Come the next day, and the first thing we did after work was to go looking for Hanes."
    "It turns out to be much, much easier than I thought. He wasn't locked up in the chapel with all his Church responsibilities like I thought, but made his presence in Mr. Ascenderos' shop almost without any sort of appointment whatsoever."
    "Goto OutIF Choice 6.6 ==3"
    "***"
    "//Else"
    "Hanes has apparently learn how to apparate like a specter, if only to scare me halfway to death."
    "We ended up dragging him leg-first (figuratively speaking) into Mr. Ascenderos' shop."
    "Goto OutIF Choice 6.6 ==3"
    "***"
    "OutIF Choice 6.6 ==3"
    "Creator has mercy, we are finally having a serious discussion for once."
    H" Y-yep, that's it. Of c-course I know, me h-head's throbbing because of it!"
    "Was that some sort of arrogance I hear in Hanes' voice? In any case, he lifts the teacup to his lips and slurped down the content, as if dying from thirst."
    H" S-So what's the m-matter with it?"
    A" The biggest problem is that there is no problem!"
    H" Ha-ha. My d-dear Ana, surely you jest. I-if you complained ab-about the medals l-looking like junk, or we've got your n-name wrong, I can f-fix that for you. As it is, we are p-proud of our work as the organizing committee!"
    A" Medal? What medal?"
    "Hanes stares at me. Then he turns towards Azzurra, making a face. If he could have read her thoughts by looking, he would have tried."
    H" What a-are you saying? S-shouldn't they have gi-given you the invitation and the m-medal last week?"
    A" What invitation?"
    "Hanes doesn't seem to get it until I spell it out to him."
    A" I don't understand what you're talking about, in other words."
    H" Is-isn't that my line?"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: Well I can fill that in for you."
    "Down Mr. Ascenderos places a cup in front of Hanes. The steaming tea seems to warm up everything around us. Although I suspect that might be his explanation that's doing the magic."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: If you're going to the Sun Festival as a yet-to-be-of-age kid, you'll need your medal and invitation. That gets you into the coming-of-age ceremony."
    H" Thank you, s-sir."
    H" Wait, are you te-telling me you don't know a-any thing about it?"
    A" That is what I've been trying to say!"
    H" B-but that doesn't-doesn't make any sense! Y-you too, Az-Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra nods."
    H" W-well, then we have a prob-problem here. B-but no worries, w-we still have time! I'll j-just jot that down as your c-complaint, and t-there!"
    "Hanes drags out a handbook from his jacket, and wrote a few words in that signature cursive writing of his."
    "Making a complaint, however, is the least of my concerns."
    A" I just want to know what the festival is."
    "Hanes puts away his notebook again. He knits his finger and presents himself before us like a full-fledged cleric speaking before the lambs."
    H" The Sun Festival has its roots centuries ago. Before history is recorded, some say. But don't mistake it for any half-baked popular festivity, mind! There's a reason it's held once every ten years – it's a most sacred occasion, the cornerstone of our civilization!"
    H" It is especially significant for those youngsters attending it for the firs time. We of the clergy call it the Witnessing, though the ordinary folks would just rather call it “coming-of-age”... which is kind of what it is to them. To us, well, it's the time when the Creator who dwells in the Sun and His Court would recognize a child as human."
    H" That's the 'coming of age' part."
    H" So anyway, to ease out the logistics of things, the Church would hand out medals to the folks who would be attending the ceremony. That's a mark most sacred, signifying that the bearer shall attend the Witnessing as invited by the Creator Himself."
    H" In addition, invitations will also be given out to the eligible folks, just to ensure they won't miss it."
    "The good news is that I realize Hanes' stuttering would cease whenever he puts on his clerical cap. Perhaps there is hope in him yet."
    "The bad news... well, there's something oddly serious and dark in the way Hanes presents his explanation."
    A" What if an eligible person somehow misses the ceremony? They'll have to stay a kid for another ten years?"
    "Hanes shakes his head. Cleric cap off."
    H" No. It gets w-worse."
    "Cleric cap on."
    H" If for any reason an eligible youth cannot attend this event most sacred—"
    "Mr. Ascenderos: That's taken to mean the Creator Himself has turned His back to them. They'd failed the test. They'd failed to be human."
    "Mr. Ascenderos: In the eyes of laws, customs and society, well, they'd be animals."
    "Hanes' face tenses, and so does Mr. Ascenderos'. And mine, too, is having so many goosebumps."
    A" But that's senseless!"
    H" That's what tradition says, anyway."
    "Ascenderos: Well, that's what it does, in theory anyway. Can't recall a single soul who'd been “un-person'd” like so. Look at me, see? I'd be the least likely dude to be given the pass, and here I am!"
    "Mr. Ascenderos laughs – jovial as usual. Then he walks away, stretching his shoulder and yawns as if not giving a care to anything in life."
    "Hanes looks – and sounds – far less relaxed."
    H" We… might actually have a serious problem here."
    H" You see, the Creator makes all soul and guides them to their destiny in life through mysterious yet ultimately benevolent ways. That is why He will, in his infinite mercy and omnipotence, give everyone the opportunity to join His festival in time... unless they turn it down willfully."
    A" You mean..."
    H" That means this isn't joking matter."
    A" But I haven't turned down anything!"
    "How can I turn down an opportunity I've never received in the first place?"
    H" Hmm…"
    "Hanes closes his eyes, as if meditating."
    H" H-Here's what I'll d-do. S-see, this invitation h-handing is what the C-City admi-administration are tasked with."
    H" A-and bur-bureaucrats are p-people, and people m-make mistakes once every so o-often. I'll see what I c-can do ab-bout that."
    A" That... sounds fine to me."
    H" W-well then, that's de-decided. I'll c-come by when I h-have time. C-can't wait to see your n-newest w-work of cr-creativity!"
    "He winks at me."
    A" Nah, I'm not that good at making stuff."
    H" Aren't you? L-look at you, th-then look at me. Y-you have looks, a-artistry, and sm-smarts. I have n-nothing. C’est la vie."
    A" Well, you are Graced and I am not. That makes all the differences in life, doesn't it?"
    "As if on cue the both of us laugh out loud. It's been a while, ever since that incident (which I can say was ultimately Hanes' fault, and for that he's terribly regretful) that I've seen him acting so naturally."
    H" Heh. Y-you know I jest, right?"
    A" I read you like a book."
    H" Well then. I'll b-be off."
    "It is only when Hanes is just about to leave the shop that a certain thing I need to know flashes in my mind."
    A" Oh, and I almost forgot. When's this festival taking place again?"
    "Hanes turns around."
    H" The sixth of June."
    "His voice suddenly becomes unnaturally sharp."
    A" Sixth of June? Isn't that the Day of the Great Darkness?"
    H" And the Day of Enlightenment Eternal. As the good book says – beyond the deepest shadows comes light everlasting; within despair darkest belies hope eternal. Don't you read the scriptures at all?"
    "Hanes, it seems, can be as arrogant as anyone else. Then he closes the door, leaving a customary “So long” at the doorway."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Hiệu sách"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    Az" This one please!"
    "Owner: Here you go."
    "The afternoon shift passes without incident."
    "As the day comes to a close, Azzurra pulls me to the new market, bent on being as much of a spendthrift as she can get away with."
    "This time around, it is a bookstore that somehow bears a strong resemblance to Mr. Ascenderos' old one in more ways than one."
    "Owner: That's awesome. So someone paid me some attention at long last!"
    Az" Y-yes?"
    "Owner: That's what the book says, dear. It's real happy, having an owner like you!"
    Az" Is that so? Can you really hear what it says?"
    "Owner: But of course! It's screaming in joy!"
    Az" That's really cool!"
    "Owner: Well, that's what we do. It really isn't different from owning a pet. Books are my family. Of course I'd understand them."
    "That's either the most blatant lies I've ever heard, or a really subtle (and rather brilliant) kind of sarcasm. Azzurra just scarfs them all down without questions."
    "Though I'm more inclined to think that's more like sweet-talking. She's just persuading good old Azzurra to buy up her stock of left-over tomes nobody bothers with any more."
    "And Azu? Nodding as if mesmerized."
    "And who's going to pay for that? I can hear my wallet screaming even from here, thank you very much."
    Az" Hey, hey, Ana? That's really cool! I wonder if—"
    A" Nope."
    Az" I haven't even said anything! Besides, haven't you promised to—"
    A" Treat you to lunch. This isn't lunchtime, and this isn't food."
    Az" Meanie. Fine, I'll pay it myself."
    A" Since when did you have spare cash?"
    Az" Well, you'll lend me some, right?"
    A" And why should I lend you money to buy these... particularly unhelpful books?"
    "That's not to mention I'm starting to very, very much dislike this shopkeeper."
    "Now maybe it's just me, but I can see the eyes of a fox in hers. And then to confirm my doubts, she starts talking to the book again – only instead of whispering classily, she speaks with that noisy, frog-like tone, probably to persuade Azzurra rather than anything else"
    "Owner: O book, my dear book. Not like I want to sell you off, my dear, dear darling. But you see, I'm no good reader, surely this young miss would keep you better than I ever can..."
    "She dusts the front cover, and when that doesn't work with all the sticky grime, she rubs it hard over the knee of her pants."
    "Now I'm at a dilemma. Azzurra looks like she's seriously going to lose sleep over not getting those books if I go all the way. On the other hand, I don't think I'd rather give this crafty woman a single coin."
    "Is there some way I can get between the horns?"
    "Well, I think there is."
    A" You see, Azzurra, here's a book lover who doesn't really want to part with hers. I think you know it best yourself. Would you rather cause her such pain and loss that you wouldn't want on yourself?"
    "Azzurra takes a step back. Of course the shopkeeper isn't going to have it. She steps in, rubs her hands, and assumes the sweetest voice she can muster"
    "Owner: No no no! It's because these books really like you! I have no choice but to basically give them away, you see – rare books, not gonna sell to just anyone."
    "Looks like I have to do it another way. I gesture Azzurra to step back – which she does with uncharacteristically little resistance."
    A" So what's your price?"
    "Owner: Rare book, as I said! One gold Janar is all I ask!"
    "Hold your horses, did I say I'm going to buy it?"
    A" Sounds good to me. Thing is, I don't bring along that much..."
    "I fish out a few spare coins from my purse – the old and bent bronze ones and by far the least valuable among my belongings."
    "Owner: Well, that's fine, we can—"
    A" Look, ma'am, that's a hard one, I know. I can't just take your prized books from you. Besides, We're not exactly what you would call a bibli- book lover. We can't exactly take that good care of these books as you do."
    A" How about... look, ma'am, the book prolly likes where it is. Wouldn't be so kind forcing it to move house permanently, no? How about we make a book leasing contract instead? We'd pay a deposit, cart the books home, and return it when we're done?"
    Az" Anatolio!"
    "Again, I wink at Azzurra. Not sure she fully trusts I can do this, but that's what I have to live with."
    "Owner: Now, here—"
    A" That's the only way I can do this. If you don't agree, well, more's the pity."
    "Owner: This doesn't—"
    A" Ah, then it's a pity, isn't it?"
    "Owner: … let's give it a try then."
    "I quickly cook up a contract, that basically boils down to a few things:"
    "Azzurra gets to borrow five books in her list, in exchange for three coppers each for a month, with a fine of ten coppers applicable per day overdue."
    "A recompensation of five silvers is payable if Azzurra somehow doesn't return the books, or leaves it overdue for too long."
    "Finally, breach of contract results in a fine of five coppers. Applicable to both sides."
    "Sounds good... at first glance. That, or maybe the bookshop owner doesn't take us seriously enough. So she signs, just as we do."
    "That is a mistake."
    A" Hey, Azzurra! Remember these are borrowed books! Keep an eye out you don't drop a buttered biscuit on the page like the last time!"
    A" Oh, and try not to read it while sleeping. Drooling over the pages is a big no-no!"
    A" And try not to tear pages out! This isn't your book to begin with! Though..."
    "I am just an inch from cackling evilly."
    A" Though you won't actually be fined if something were to happen to these very fine books."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Owner: Hold it right there!"
    "The owner hurries out of the store."
    "Owner: N-no deal! No deal, I say!"
    A" Look, ma'am, we signed an agreement recognized by laws and customs. You'll have to pay a fine if you break it."
    "Owner: Well, but—"
    A" Something's the matter, ma'am?"
    "Owner: But y-you said—"
    A" As written here, whatever happens to them is none of our business, as long as we return them to you on time."
    "Smirk, Anatolio. Smirk."
    A" Tell you what, ma'am. My friend may be a simpleton, but I'm not. It's not nice tricking people to buy your cheap wares...."
    "Owner: So—"
    "Owner: You tricked me!"
    "I can hear her grinding teeth from several yards away."
    A" Just applying what I've learnt from you yourself, ma'am."
    A" Oh, and let me remind you: Look again where we stand before you think about resorting to violence... for your own good."
    "Owner: You—"
    "The owner stares at us impotently. This is absolutely awesome..."
    "Until I feel a disproportionately painful grasping palm on my shoulder."
    Az" That's quite enough, Anatolio."
    "Azzurra stares at me... and for once, I caught a glimpse of that Angry Azzurra persona again."
    A" What's that about? She tried to trick you!"
    Az" What do you take me for? I'm not that stupid."
    Az" It's just that, do you see any book on Botany in all those stores near our place as of late? Do you, huh?"
    A" Uh..."
    Az" My thoughts exactly. I can make my own choices, thank you very much!"
    "Normally I'm the one calling the shots. Within the span of five seconds, Azzurra had soundly usurped me from my commander post."
    A" Ah, fine. Ma'am, we'll buy it... for the right price this time!"
    "Owner: Fine, fine, fine!"
    "Then off she takes us back to the shop."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: hiệu sách"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" Sounds about right. Thanks for the deal!"
    "At the end of the day, when money and goods change hands, the owner becomes way friendlier than I thought she would be."
    "Owner: Heh, if I knew this would happen I wouldn't have had to do that."
    "Owner: Honestly though, I wasn't exactly lying just now."
    "Owner: Now I don't expect you young'uns to get it, but trust me when I say everything has their soul. Of course I can't hear or talk to a book's, but I can feel this much: books are most happy in the hands of smart people who can actually understand what they have to say. Such as you.."
    A" Well, then if money has soul, I'd rather like them to willingly fall into my purse, no?"
    "Owner: Ha ha. You know what they say – money's but a mean to an end all all that? Besides, were I to give books away for free they'd think those books are worthless."
    Az" How about I read it until it loses all value?"
    "Owner: Creator willing, you are most welcome to do that!"
    Az" Oh, and one last thing – do you happen to stock Marco De'Rovere's “A Compilation of Mechanical Inventions and Principles”?"
    "Owner: Wait, what? Isn't that book on the restricted list? Are you-"
    A" N-no! It's not that, y'see. My friend's just curious, hearing that name here and there and all."
    "Owner: Well, if you say so."
    "Owner: Now, don't get me wrong. I'm not gonna tell on you kids regardless. Just surprised, is all. It's been years, years I say! Once every so often them Templars would come round, rife through the store and carry off a bunch of what they call “forbidden material”. Perhaps they want to educate themselves for a change..."
    A" Do they now?"
    "Owner: That's right. More frequently as of late, for reasons only the Creator knows."
    "Owner: Your books, too. Pretty sure they said they're “questionable material” last time they came about. Take good care of them – be sure to hide them after you're done, just to be on the safe side..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Chợ"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    Az" What's wrong, Ana?"
    "We were talking. We were just talking about the business this afternoon. We were just talking like nothing was different."
    "And then it happened."
    A" Nothing. Nothing at all."
    "I was lying, A certain something – I'm not sure what – has just flown past my very eyes."
    "Something I am supposed to be very familiar with,"
    "Which is why I'm not sure if it's even supposed to be here,"
    "A crimson glimpse. A scent unmistakable lingering about."
    "No... that makes no sense."
    "My reason and my gut feeling are wrestling against each other."
    "Uneasiness wells up within me. My heart beats faster, my blood pumps, as if preparing for a shock I am not prepared for."
    "Then again comes the crimson shade. Not an afterimage, not any more, but a figure in all her glory: a red skirt with golden threads sewn, matching a stream of equally golden hair."
    "No mistake about it. None."
    A" Elena!"
    Az" Eh?"
    "Now the figure, perhaps hearing my voice, runs off in a blink of an eye. What else can I do but take off after her?"
    "My hands clutch at the walls, to build momentum rather than support. The space before my eyes seem to contract, until I can see only one thing within my sight."
    A" Elena!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bìa rừng"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" Elena! Elena!"
    "I have long crossed the busy city gates."
    "It's near the edge of the Inner Forest when I finally loses sight of that red dress"
    "I look up at the sky. The sun's setting. A bad time to get tangled in the woods."
    A" Elena!"
    "But like heck I'm going to give up just like that!"
    "Taking a breath so deep my lungs feel like bursting, I leap through that boundary."
    "//Màn hình zoom in nhanh"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đồng cỏ xanh"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    A" Elena!"
    "I find myself in a clearing."
    "An oak tree very old stands there, in the wide open."
    "A multitude of yellow petals spiral down from the canopy, like so many butterflies fluttering on the green grass, layer after layer."
    "And there, in the middle of it all..."
    "***"
    "CG: Elena ngồi ở gốc cây già"
    "Elena is sitting."
    "Her hands are juggling a certain, oddly familiar sort of yellow fruit."
    "Her perfume matches the scent of the wilds perfectly, the wet grass and blooming flowers, and became part of a whole."
    "Part of a whole. Yes, the Elena before me no longer stands out like she normally does, but has become part of a poetic panorama – adding to rather than overwhelming that picture of a late afternoon in this woods."
    E" Ana. It's been a while. Elena has been waiting."
    "Her voice is still as melodious as it has ever been. Melodious, and mischievous, even more the latter – as she gathers as many of the yellow flowers as her hands can hold."
    "In a swift toss of her arm, the fruits and flowers take flight. The petal whirls in the sky, like a curtain of golden butterflies surrounding her."
    "A glittering ethereal."
    A" So this is where you are! I've been running after you all afternoon!"
    "Elena has become even more elegant than before, if such a thing is possible. Taller, more feminine, more... classy. Perhaps there's no chance Azzurra can ever be as beautiful as Elena is..."
    E" Elena knows Ana will come around again."
    "Elena brushes the golden stream that is her hair. It looks as if she has been gathering all the light around us, leaving none for the earth and the sky and the grass."
    A" Again? Isn't this the first time-"
    "Elena just shakes her head."
    A" So, why are you leading me here? And... what are you doing here?"
    "Elena's lips curls into a smirk."
    E" That is hardly classy a way to greet an acquaintance after three years, Anatolio Pietro."
    "Then she steps closer towards me."
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "True, I haven't even said hi. Hard to think about common courtesy when I've got so many questions dancing about in my head."
    A" Very well. Greetings and salutation, Elena. It's been a while, hasn't it? Good to see you becoming ever more beautiful... and ever more haughty."
    "Elena rolls her eyes..."
    "And then starts giggling again."
    E" Teehee. Good to see Ana still as... interesting as he has ever been."
    "It may be just me, but that saintly smile doesn't go well with her elegance. Never has, probably never will."
    E" But very well."
    "Elena stands up, and spins around in a dance of her own, then bows to me – as is the wont of a noble princess."
    E" Since Ana has been so... eager, Elena will accommodate seven of Ana's questions."
    "It is also her wont to play me like a fiddle without even trying."
    A" Then—"
    E" Not just yet."
    "Elena presses her fingertip to my lips. My mind goes blank just that moment, feeling nothing but the softness on her tiny finger."
    E" Elena hasn't finished."
    E" Ana can only ask one question at a time, that's the rule. Ana probably understands it is hardly courteous for a young man to bombard a noble lady with so many inquiries unbidden."
    E" That's not the image Ana wants for himself, right?"
    E" Seven questions, only."
    A" Fair enough. I'll take it slow."
    E" So go ahead, First question."
    A" What are you doing here?"
    E" Second."
    A" You haven't even answered the first!"
    E" Third."
    A" Are you playing me for a fool?"
    E" Fourth."
    A" Argh, I give up! Why did you lead me here?"
    E" Fifth."
    A" How've you been doing these last few years?"
    E" Sixth."
    A" Will we see each other again?"
    E" Right. Last one."
    "As she speaks, Elena tiptoes to the side, her graceful steps like an impromptu dance. An impromptu, and very much pure and natural dance, too, lending her the appearance like a fairy in so many tales."
    "A mischievous, mesmerizing fairy in red."
    E" What's wrong, Ana? Keep it coming!"
    A" …"
    E" Ana?"
    A" Uh... I'm still thinking."
    E" That being the case... Elena will answer all of Ana's questions. There's a piece of paper tucked over there."
    "Then she resumed her dance. I noticed she wasn't exactly pointing anywhere, but I can guess “over there” means that old stump she was sitting around just now."
    "And lo, there it is: a piece of paper, stuck between the bark."
    "It's a large sheet, neatly folded. And within lie lines after lines of evenly spaced cursive writings."
    "<DOCUMENT RECEIVED: >"
    "Chills."
    "I'm chilled to the bones."
    "How did Elena know everything I was going to ask?"
    "Telepathy? Or a contract with ancient spirits?"
    "No, that's so unlikely and unscientific."
    "Great, now I'm shivering..."
    "And then I feel a pair of hands, graceful yet cold, wrapping around my neck."
    A" No!!!!!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "	I leaped back, and for a moment it seemed I had to use all my strength to wrest myself free from that devilish grasp."
    "	When my heart has stopped thumping and my mind (somewhat) cleared, I turn around... and find a still giggling Elena standing where she was."
    E" What's wrong, Ana? Elena doubt she is as frightening..."
    A" That's not frightening, that's heart-stopping!"
    "If anyone else would look at my face right now, they'd burst out laughing."
    E" Teehee. Elena supposes Ana has seen how much Elena understands Ana, no?"
    "	There's a triumphant smirk on her face, and I am not sure if it makes her more annoying, alluring... or just plain frightening."
    "	Elena: Elena has guessed Ana would ask these questions... or some variations thereof. Elena just couldn't guess she would have predicted so correctly. A round of applause for Elena!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Cái cây già"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    A" So... the bridge's reopened?"
    "That's what I ended up using Elena's 'free' question for."
    "We've been sitting next to each other for a while now, on the grass next to the stump. Elena has been leaning against me, her eyes fixed on the sky above."
    E" Well? Did Ana think Elena'd swum across?"
    A" It's hard to know with you."
    E" The second De'Rovere bridge was opened for the purpose of the festival. It's not exactly easy matter, but Elena can do quite a few things..."
    "She tosses a gold coin up high, and catches it with her other hand."
    A" That's crafty!"
    E" Says Ana the uncrafty."
    A" Not a crafty bone in my body."
    E" Elena can't have said it better. Ana has never been much of a dashing rogue, has he?"
    "Proud as I may be of my immense intellect, I've never actually been able to bring it to full bear against Elena. That's something I will have to live with."
    "I suppose only a supernatural spirit could even think of outsmarting her."
    E" Thinking something, Ana?"
    "Ana: Make a wild guess."
    E" Elena will do just that, Is Ana feeling... diminished because Elena understands Ana so well?"
    "Now it's my turn to smirk."
    A" Nope."
    E" Really now? Ana has ever been a hermit crab living in his shell..."
    A" That was then, this is now."
    E" Riiiight. Elena reserves her right to be doubtful..."
    "Elena shrugs one shoulder"
    E" But Ana has made Elena curious. What could possibly have changed the Ana that Elena has known?"
    A" That thing doesn't exist. Just that life and time tends to change people. Surprising, I know."
    E" So does that 'life and time' thing make Ana not miss Elena? Elena doesn't like the sound of that..."
    A" Well, not really."
    E" So Ana still misses Elena? That's really good."
    "Elena presses her head against my shoulder. Her right arm creeps around my back, holding me tight."
    "Wait, why is her dress so completely drenched?"
    E" Would Ana let Elena hold him for a while?"
    A" No I won't! That's embarrassing!"
    E" No it's not. Come closer..."
    "Why does it seem to me that I'm not going to ever escape this princess for the life of me?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cái cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    E" What a happy life Ana is living with Azzurra! Unlike old lonely Elena..."
    A" Surely you jest. That's hardly happy."
    A" Imagine being pulled all over the place at work and at home. Yeah, that's my life in a nutshell."
    "// Elena trố mắt"
    "Elena (đượm buồn): So Ana is living with Azzurra?"
    A" By the creator, no! That would have been terrible!"
    "//Elena vẫn buồn"
    E" Is that so."
    A" Oh, and I forgot to ask... What happened to your dress? It's drenched!"
    E" …"
    A" That's my seventh question. Did you not say you will answer it?"
    E" …"
    A" Ah, forget it. Chasing you all the way here has gotten me thirsty. Want to come over for some tea? The former neighborhood drunkard has just opened a cafe..."
    E" The former neighborhood drunkard? Could it be  Mr. Ascenderos?"
    A" The one and only. So, how about it?"
    E" Elena has to turn it down. It's high time Elena came home."
    A" Well, that's unexpected. We haven't seen each other for a while now, have we?"
    E" The hour is late, Ana. Look to the sky."
    "Elena points to the moon hanging above our head. Only then does my sense of time, which has been dulled all the while, come back to life."
    A" Oh, shoot! Where's the time gone?"
    "The space around me is filled with the flapping wings of night birds, and draped in a dreary shadow."
    "That's it, Dad's going to have my hide!"
    "And Azzurra, too. She's not going to take my vanishing in stride."
    "But neither of these thoughts are the dominant one in my head."
    A" … let me see you off, then."
    "The Inner Forest is not that hard to figure out, but I can't think of a worse place in the civilized world for a girl to find her way out alone at this time of day."
    "Wait a second. Why would Elena be alone? What about her bodyguards in black? Isn't it their job to keep her safe, sound and not lost?"
    E" That would be unnecessary. Ana can go now."
    "Elena's return to her distant, courteous self seems all too sudden to me."
    A" Shouldn't you let me see you to the edge of the wood at least? It might be dangerous here..."
    "//Elena trầm tư"
    E" Very well."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cây cầu"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    E" This is far enough. Elena can cover the rest."
    A" Surely you can? I don't get to meet you everyday, too..."
    A" But if you insist, I'll excuse myself. I'll be seeing you alter, I'm sure."
    "//Mắt Elena buồn"
    E" Uh-huh."
    A" Take care, you hear?"
    E" Uh-huh. Elena will do. Ana doesn't need to repeat himself."
    "There's something in her smile that drives a hot blush on my cheek."
    A" Hey, maybe I'll pay you a visit one of those days!"
    "Elena (trầm ngâm): …"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "//Hanes cười lịch sự."
    H" W-well, my apologies for pestering you two a-at this time."
    "Hanes takes a large gulp off his teacup."
    A" No need for apologies. That's what you do all the time, no?"
    "//Azzurra đỏ mặt"
    Az" Never mind that! What's the deal anyway?"
    "For someone who is being (purposefully?) kept out of the loop, Azzurra seems more excited and curious than angry."
    H" D-do give me one moment, w-wouldn't you!"
    "So it happened that Hanes has barged in unbidden during my lessons with Azzurra today. When he arrived he looked like he'd been chased all over the City by a horde of hungry hellhounds or something: sweating, gasping for air and draining our tea post-haste."
    "To be fair, he does look quite a bit more relaxed now... at the expense of our teapot, of course."
    A" That's the fourth cup you're wolfing down. For your information."
    "Hanes fills his empty teacup again – that makes it the fifth."
    H" Is this your t-tea by any chance?"
    A" No?"
    H" Well, then t-there's no reason to m-mind me, no?"
    A" Why am I even friends with you?"
    H" Because you need a s-silver haired preacher in your mis-miserable life. Next?"
    A" Well, look who's talking about being miserable."
    Az" Guys, guys, that's about enough!"
    "It is also totally expected for Azzurra to jump in whenever the two of us are about to come to blows. Like, just now."
    Az" A-ny-way! You must be really busy of late, aren't you?"
    H" B-bless me! Azzurra! M-my guardian angel, who I've-I've been longing to see again a-all the time! My one and o-only benefactor who b-brings unto me t-the light of the Creator Himself!"
    "Hanes could certainly have qualified for drama school, had the Creator not given him another destiny first."
    Az" R-ight..."
    "//Azzurra cười gượng."
    A" Ahem!"
    H" Something not to your liking, Ana?"
    A" Not at all. Just a friendly reminder – you're here to hear my lecture, or get out of here."
    H" Got it, g-got it."
    "Hanes clears his throat. Then he sits straight up, and all of a sudden produced a certain something from his jacket: a medal and two crumpled notes."
    A" And these are?"
    H" Been drowsy or s-something, Ana? That's your invitation and medal."
    A" Oh. Right."
    "Now that I think of it, Hanes seems to be a lot more hostile today than he normally is. Perhaps provoking him any further is a bad idea."
    A" Why, thank you. That's what I need."
    H" Never y-you mind. That's not enough, a-anyway."
    "Hanes sits back down. Now his slurping has slowed down somewhat, as if he's finally calmed down enough to recall his hypothetical chased-by-hellhounds ordeal."
    H" T-there's just one of it. For you, Anatolio. Azzurra w-will have to wait."
    Az" Wait, why not me?"
    A" Wait, why me alone?"
    "// 2 dòng trên chạy liền 1 mạch"
    H" For some r-reason. Just one left to deliver, t-they say. That's all I c-could a-argue for. Throat feels like b-bleeding."
    "I see. To think of it, I've been giving Hanes too little credit for what he does for us."
    A" I see. But what if I let Azzurra have it?"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    H" Not bad, h-hotshot. Except it is b-bad! Your name's en-engraved on it! Can't give Azzurra no matter how much you (or I) want to!"
    H" Well, if that's any con-consolation, y-you are free to give Azu y-your invitation. A dime a d-dozen, that one."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    H" Hon-honestly, this is weird. I d-don't know how this m-mix-up happened. M-must be the distribution p-people. I'll look into it, s-so do rest assured, y-you hear?"
    Az" Thank you, Hanes."
    A" Would be good if you got it sorted out."
    H" Oh, and a-another thing. From tomorrow, don't f-forget to wear your medal whenever y-you leave home."
    A" What's with that?"
    H" The rule. Dur-during the two weeks b'fore the festival, p-people about to come o-of age have to do that. Same here."
    H" A-and with that, I'd l-like to excuse myself."
    "Wait a second... if that's to be the case..."
    A" … does that mean Azzurra can't leave the house?"
    H" Hmm. I'll be looking at it for you as soon as possible, al-alright? I'm n-not sure what's the deal, t-though if I have to guess... it might have something to do with y-your age, Azzurra."
    "I'm not sure whether Hanes meant it, but those do sound like fighting words to my ears."
    "//Azzurra tròn mắt."
    "I'd better nip him in the bud."
    A" Shush, Hanes!"
    H" Heh, that's j-just a joke. Don't m-mind me!"
    Az" T-that's quite alright. Quite alright."
    "My hand fell on Hanes' shoulder with a loud thud."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bên ngoài"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    H" Well, well, w-well, have a p-pleasant evening, my dear friends. O-oh, and here's your allowance this month, b-before I forget. Absent-minded me, y'see."
    "Hanes produces from his jacket a small package. Business as usual: that's probably Father Fredo's allowance for Azzurra."
    Az" Thanks Hanes. Where'd I be without you?"
    H" Y-you could try not to leave the house! Don't for-forget that!"
    Az" Got it, got it!"
    "Hanes puts on his patronizing cap and nods sagaciously."
    "I hear him hum a popular tavern tune of the previous generation as he walks through the doorway."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: bên ngoài Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" Hanes' probably exaggerating. That rule doesn't make any sense."
    Az" I... don't think so."
    A" Well, I think you'll remember everything one day or another. Then you'll find your birth family, and then—"
    Az" And then what?"
    A" And then... and then we'll go on with our business as usual!"
    Az" Mmm."
    "//Azzurra cười buồn"
    A" That's right. I think—"
    C0" CREATOR PRESERVES! CREATOR DELIVERS!"
    "//Màn hình run lên"
    Az" Wait, what?"
    "A stampede, that's what, or an earthquake. The whole place is shaking!"
    A" Eh?"
    "The both of us turn around and..."
    H" CREATOR HAS MERCY!"
    "— find Hanes charging towards us like a valiant mounted man-at-arms... sans the “valiant” part."
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    H" PRESERVE ME!!!"
    "In rushes Hanes through the doorway. I can only hear a thud... and then feel a sharp pang of pain."
    "The door has whacked me squarely on the backside. Thankfully Azzurra is there to help me up."
    Az" Anatolio! You alright?"
    A" One... inch... from... a... lifetime... on... a... wheelchair...."
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    H" CREATOR PRESERVES!!"
    "Hanes runs around me, his face twisted in a very awkward sort of pain."
    A" What's wrong, whitey?"
    H" MERCIFUL CREATOR!! I-I-I-I-NEED-"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên."
    A" Need what?"
    H" I-I-I-NEED-"
    "//Màn hình run lên"
    H" NEED THE RESTROOM ON THE DOUBLE!!"
    A" You've been here often enough. Serve yourself."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Azzurra does as she is told. Too well: for two days now she's been insisting on remaining indoors."
    "	During those last two days, the streets of our dear City has seen quite a few people of our age, bearing their orange medals on their chest – as if competing with the color of early summer itself."
    "An early summer that leaves much to be desired – given our current state of affairs."
    "How long do we have to remain indoors again?"
    Az" This is a bore, a bore, a bore!"
    "Azzurra's “keeping quiet in times of great boredom” skill needs a lot of work, suffice to say. She's been on a parade up and down the stairway for a while now."
    A" Can it. Azzurra. My head's killing me!"
    "Creator have mercy – she's got virtually infinite energy!"
    Az" Same here, y'know."
    Az" I'm just experimenting…"
    A" With what? Whether you'll go dizzy yourself?"
    "It's just impossible to leave her alone like this. She might set the house on fire or something."
    A" Hey, I'm just thinking... how about we come out anyway?"
    Az" Eh? But Hanes said-"
    A" That's what he said, Now, if you don't tell, I don't tell, nobody tells the Church on us, nobody's going to mind the medal – or your lack of it."
    "Truth be told, Hanes did tell me something else before he left the other day:"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: tối (quá khứ)"
    H" T-them's the rules. But y-y'know, I'm busy, the clergy's b-busy, s-so sometimes rules are only held on a v-voluntary basis. That's ab-about it."
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "//Azzurra ko hiểu"
    Az" But that doesn't sound right, does it?"
    A" Azzurra, here's the deal…"
    "//Azzurra nghiêng đầu."
    A" A few days ago a little bird told me they're reopening the bridges. Perhaps we can go over the other side of the river again."
    "Something told me letting Azzurra know of my deal with Elena a few days ago is hardly optimal."
    "//Azzurra to lên"
    A" Which is to say, we can go see Elena."
    "//Azu to lên nữa"
    A" Which is to say, we can go have a look around."
    "//Azzurra to max"
    A" Which is also to say, we can grab a book or a dozen."
    A" How does that sound to you?"
    "Azzurra (poker): …"
    "//Azzurra mặt sáng rỡ"
    Az" Well, what are we waiting for then? Let's go!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường  giàu có"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "“It seemed a good idea at the time” is one of those ageless excuses every regretful soul would have on their lips."
    "What we are doing right now is precisely one such thing."
    Az" Wow! That's gorgeous! That's awesome!"
    Az" Is the other side always so glorious, or has it changed so much in those three years?"
    A" Quiet down, please? We don't want too much attention!"
    "Hardly have we crossed the great stone bridge when Azzurra goes starry-eyed."
    "And it's not just her. The entire area was designed to be as awe-inspiring as possible. The Merchant's Quarters lies before our very eyes, the place where all material wealth in the world flows. It is accordingly orderly and elegant – just enough to make us self-conscious about our own."
    "I'd say about seventy percent of all things for sale around the place is beyond the means of anyone around our parts."
    "In any case, Elena has not tricked me this time. Just this once, she has not treated me like a toy. The gate's open, and here we are – as if the closure had never happened."
    Az" Wait, no libraries around?"
    "Speaking of Azzurra, she's been looking all over the place, and spectacularly failing to find what she wants."
    A" Perhaps because this is the shopping neighborhood? Who'd go here looking for books?"
    Az" Eh, then what's the point coming here anyway?"
    A" Because I'd like to? You can go home if you want – that spares me the odd looks from the folks around!"
    Az" Well of course they'd give you jealous looks, you're accompanied by a wonderfully lovely maiden that is your sincerely!"
    A" I'd highly doubt the wonderfully lovely part.."
    Az" So you mean I'm not? That's mean! Tell you what, if I'm not wonderfully lovely, then what are you?"
    A" Probably in the “average-looking but ingenious” basket."
    Az" Riiiight. So how about we split for the day? I'll go my way, and you go yours. I'd hardly like to waste the supreme genius' time."
    A" Sure, suit yourself."
    Az" Try not to run looking for me!"
    A" But of course."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Naturally, it is Azzurra who ends up running looking for me. It hardly took ten minutes."
    "Now, this isn't because of my dazzling personality, but because Azzurra has never had a good eye for directions. That plus her being completely out of her social elements here in these quarters, and I can rest assured she'd have to go find me in a hurry."
    "All I had to do was to stay put and wait. That's all."
    "End of the story, while I'm smirking, Azzurra's gone red-faced and puffy-cheeked. Just the way she is."
    A" How about we go see Elena now?"
    Az" No, no, no! You said we're going to the library!"
    A" I never said you can't go alone, did I?"
    Az" Argh!"
    "Now Azzurra resorts to her common strategy: To pester me until she gets her way. This time around, I doubt my original maneuver can work again. She's not taking off on her own. She's keeping me chained to where she goes."
    A" F-fine. Library it is."
    Az" I never said I wanted you to go with me, did I?"
    "Oh. Dear."
    "Navigating an argument with Azzurra is like navigating a strip of land riddled with spiky pits and caltrops. At night.."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Một ngôi nhà quý tộc, nhìn từ ngoài vào"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Here is a story worth relating:"
    "In the middle of the taller buildings of bricks and stone in the City, there lies a small abode surrounded by a rather respectable garden. From outside one can see the endless green of the many potted plants in their elements."
    "Now this abode's owner is this man. Not an ugly man, nor a freak of nature associated with that sort of isolated lifestyle. Now he stands in the middle of his garden, an old lullaby on the tip of his tongue and a pair of gardening scissors in his hand. Life's slow, and that is good.."
    "“Mr. Mayor, your guest, sir.”"
    "Says a woman's voice behind him."
    "“And who would that be, hmm?”"
    "“A gentleman, sir. Terribly tall and rather fierce, if you asked me!”"
    "“So that's him, huh. Fair enough, tell him I'm waiting.”"
    "His voice was uncharacteristically small, and overwhelmed by the sloshing of the watering can. The secretary seems to have caught the message in spite of the odds: she bows, and then turns around to attend to that business of the guest."
    "Now the man returns to the lullaby. Every note that pass through his throat is produced with that kind of exquisiteness – like aged wine."
    "He's in a good mood today. Very, very good mood."
    "But then he doesn't have much opportunity to finish his song. The guest has arrived underneath a beige parasol. He is a man large and built like a mountain, wearing a head of white hair and a mass of equally white beard – like white bascinet with matching aventail."
    "One of his hands is tucked behind his back. The other is clutching a gilded walking staff, “a gift from a friend” as he says."
    "“Mr. Mayor,” says the guest, and bows accordingly to the man's status."
    "Now the mayor puts down the watering can, and shuffles towards the guest. His throat makes a chuckling noise – so quiet as to be near inaudible."
    "“The love for material things, you see, is like wine. The longer you keep it, the more intense the taste. And the more intoxicating it becomes.”"
    "“Sensible,” says the large man."
    "Then the mayor stands up, and bows to his guest."
    "“Venerable Father, it is regrettable,” he said with a different kind of tone."
    "//Delay 2s"
    "//SFX tiếng đẩy ghế"
    "Then they sit down at the table in the middle of the garden. It is here that the mayor would hold his meetings. A white pavilion and an equally white table set, drowned in the midst of the greenery. It is the kind of design made for the blinding sun on such days as these."
    "//Tiếng cụng ly."
    "Two glasses are raised to the sky. Aged whiskey happens to be one of those finer things in life that you can never have enough of."
    "The mayor gulps down his glass. The pastor takes measured sips, as if measuring every drop. By the time the mayor's drink is half-empty, the pastor's remains rather full."
    "They say one should take care in wearing masks lest you become them. And perhaps the biggest of them all belongs to the clergy. Such gestures seems to have become a part of the good shepherd as his own blood."
    "“Apologies for taking up your valuable time,” says the mayor, producing a small box from his doublet."
    "“Never you mind, this is what I do.”"
    "“Cigar?”"
    "“Not for me, no.”"
    "“No need to put up a front, We know each other all too well.”"
    "“Not today, thank you. I'm not exactly well today.”"
    "“Not exactly well?” laughs the Mayor."
    "“The common cold is a poor mistress,” says the man."
    "“Age's taken a toll on you, I suppose?”"
    "“Indeed. I'm a young man no more.”"
    "“An old man coming here alone. Wouldn't be good if someone spots you, would it?”"
    "The good shepherd chuckles. “I've got arrangements of my own,” ."
    " “How's the preparations?”"
    "“Do rest assured,” said the good shepherd, his voice congested. He takes another sip"
    "“Very well,” said the mayor, nervously tapping his thigh. “I am still rather worried about the whole business.”"
    "“I understand them well enough. Nothing to worry about at all.” The clergyman clinks his glass with the mayor, so hard it almost cracks."
    "“Music to my ear. Ser Fredo, it's all up to you.”"
    "“I am no ser, though I can promise you the ending you want with the words of one.” There is a dash of unfathomable savagery in his aging eyes."
    "Then they both down the rest of their glasses"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    Az" Uh... Ana? Where are we again?"
    A" …"
    Az" Ana?"
    A" To the library?"
    Az" I thought that last time we went there we took the first left after the first right?"
    A" Azzurra, there was neither left nor right. That was a cul-de-sac."
    Az" Uh... try again?"
    A" To where?"
    "Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones."
    "The both of us are lost."
    "To be exact, I'm not sure which way goes home."
    "Azzurra holds my hand tight. Afraid, I think. I would be if I were her."
    A" I mean... well, there's always a way, right?"
    "I tap on her hand. I'm not very good at allaying fears, but here I am."
    "The enormous buildings around us, large and broad and tall, look to my eyes like the iron bar of a titanic cage."
    A" Let's ask somebody."
    A" Stand right here, Azzurra."
    "She doesn't let me go – or seem willing to."
    "I end up having to drag her along."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "Never have I thought asking for directions would be such a bothersome business."
    "Perhaps the people in these parts are too busy, or otherwise all predisposed. They don't even bother giving us a second look. Or maybe it's something with our peasantly appearance."
    "And then reverse serendipity strikes again."
    H" Oh dear! What a co-coincidence seeing you t-two here!"
    A" That's my line! What happens to your Church schedule?"
    H" Don't f-forget the Church is responsible for b-both half of the City! I'm still on Church bu-business!"
    "Makes sense. There are plenty of privileges to be had for being Graced, and freedom of travel is one of them."
    "Why is he even sighing again?"
    H" S-seriously though, I d-don't come to these p-parts often."
    A" Oh, there's this thing."
    A" Can't believe I'm saying this, but aren't we glad to find you. We crossed the bridge over here because how often does that opportunity comes? And then we got... kinda sorta lost."
    A" Would be great if you'd lend us a helping hand home?"
    "Hanes rolls his eyes at me... rather mischievously."
    H" T-the likes of you guys got yourselves l-lost?"
    A" Three years can do a lot of things to the streets here... and to my memory. Not my fault!"
    H" Well—"
    A" Well it is decided! Azzurra?"
    "I elbow Azzurra. This time, she catches the clue really quickly."
    Az" Um, yeah, we just took the wrong turn at the bridge or something. So, uh... help?"
    H" Well, I mean... y-you don't need to actually b-beg me to help."
    A" So you will help us home right?"
    H" I-I wish. The truth is..."
    H" Tr-truth being..."
    H" I am lost m-myself!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "Noblewoman: To the chapel?"
    H" Yes. M-ma'am."
    "Noblewoman: Follow this street, take the first left, cross the Merchants' Guild complex, turn right, then go all the way. There you go."
    H" T-thank you, Ma'am."
    "Now the woman's upper-class-ness shows through her make-up: a middle-aged woman dressed in an elegant burgundy dress with flame-like embroideries. She brandishes a large parasol with so much gold thread. Her brows are neatly brushed – perhaps too much so, and clashes more than a little with her pale foundations. Gaudy, too, are her earrings and aquamarine necklace."
    "But aside from all of that, we've got a very much stereotypical upper-class beauty who'd easily score herself a nobleman (or several)."
    "And true to form, she is accompanied by a much older, meek-looking man in an ash-colored suit. His square jaw lies half-concealed under a broad-brimmed hat and a thick beard."
    "There's this aroma exuding from the woman's general direction: An odd mix of tobacco and so much cologne."
    "On Azzurra's behalf (who is just as likely to ask what she wants as I am to admit I'm an idiot), I thought this would be as good a time as any to ask what she wants."
    A" Pardon the intrusion, Miss."
    "The older man didn't seem too pleased."
    "Noblewoman: How may I help you?"
    "She turns towards me, and I thought I saw the corner of her lips curl."
    A" May we ask... which way to the central library?"
    "I can't be more courteous even if I tried."
    "Noblewoman: Did you say 'the central library'?"
    A" The largest library in the district, Miss. I thought it should be somewhere along this street... except it wasn't."
    "Noblewoman: Oh? I suppose you do not resemble folks from this here parts. Perhaps..."
    "For a second she looks to our right, and blinks her eyes. Then a metaphorical bulb lights above her head."
    "Noblewoman: I see. You must be the commoners from the other side of the river. Interesting. Interesting indeed."
    "She looks us up and down a grand total of four times – as though the three of us were some sort of museum pieces to be gawked at."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thư viện"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    Az" Wow! Look at all these books! Hey, Ana! We're swimming in books! This is amazing!"
    Az" Like paradise!"
    "I can't recall how the two of us got into the library that one time. What I do recall is Azzurra messing up entire shelves with her wanton searching. It cost me half an afternoon just to clean up after her."
    "That was four years ago."
    "It was the first time I realized Azzurra has a bit of a discovery streak. Previously, I thought books were to her what amusing toys are to little kids."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    A" Demolished?"
    "I'm sure I'm not the only one to be shocked at the declaration."
    "Noblewoman: Not quite, no. It was just temporarily displaced until they'd finished a better one.  "
    "Old man: So not demolished. Only moved."
    "It's not an unwelcome confirmation, in spite of the older man basically forgoing all rules of courtesy just to voice it."
    "Noblewoman: I assure you, the new one would be there to stay."
    "Her kerchief waves in the air as she spoke."
    "Perhaps I've judged too early. Not every nobleman (or woman) is out to look down on us, it seems. This one woman is perfectly friendly.."
    "Regardless, no matter what the future library would be like, a commensurate place of reading we can visit doesn't exist now. A poor end, perhaps, for Azzurra's sight – and book- – seeing tour."
    A" Well, then, do excuse us-"
    "And then her eyes reach the medal on my chest."
    "Noblewoman: Ah! This medal is…"
    "She stops for a moment."
    "Noblewoman: So you are going to be taking part in the Ceremony, no?"
    A" I suppose, Miss?"
    "Noblewoman: And that is wonderful! We don't see young people ready to come of age every day – brings back memories, now does it? I was that young once, I'll have you know: an ebony-haired beauty, that I was, and desired by so many young men my age!"
    "Noblewoman: You won't forget the time you step on that pulpit, or how they sprinkle holy water atop your head. Me? I was given that... willow branch just after the ceremony. Marco was his name, such a dearie. Wish I could return in time – see where I've left it.  "
    "Old man: Ahem!"
    "This once, the interruption from the older man was a very good thing."
    "Noblewoman: So the two of you are of the same age? And the lovely young lady here, too? I thought I've seen you somewhere, have I?"
    A" That's right, Miss."
    A" The name's Anatolio, Miss, and the Church initiate here's Hanes. And the 'lovely young lady' is Azzurra."
    "Noblewoman: Right. Hanes. Anatolio. And… Wait a second."
    "Noblewoman: Azzurra?!!!!!"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên"
    "At once she takes two steps backward, as if staggered by a terrible blow. Her face goes white, and large sweat drops appear on her forehead. She stares at us without a blink, her teeth clenched."
    "Noblewoman: RUN! NOW!"
    "Then off she runs shouting, her voice hoarse."
    "Noblewoman: CHAOSPAWN! DARKNESS! FIRE! TERRIBLE HORROR!"
    "Next thing we know, every single eye along the road is locked on the lot of us."
    A" What the-"
    "Hanes quickly grabs the two of us by the hand, and with a strength I don't know he has in him, pulled us the other way."
    H" Go, go, go!"
    "//Màn hình zoom in nhanh"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "We've just rushed into a less-traveled lane. The breath from the root of my throat hurts. Am I imagining, or is the woman's voice still echoing in my ears as if just around the corner?"
    "Neither Hanes nor Azzurra looks much better than I do."
    H" W-we're fine... for now."
    A" What's the deal, Hanes? What is that all about?"
    "I shake Hanes' hand off mine."
    H" Did y-you not h-hear anything??"
    "Having to run into a narrow lane to hide in broad daylight is not my best moment in life. Questions, however, remain to be answered."
    A" I don't understand what you're going on about!"
    "I am at least smart enough to realize something has gone wrong. Dreadfully wrong."
    H" Anatolio. Your c-carelessness ast-astound me."
    A" What carelessness?"
    Az" That's... fine. Sooner or later someone would notice."
    A" Hey hey! What is that all about?"
    "Whatever Hanes and Azzurra were discussing, it has to be terribly serious: their faces harden to the point of deformity."
    H" You don't k-know half of it, Anatolio."
    A" Know what? That we had the misfortune to run into a madwoman? I don't even know why we've had to run!"
    Az" Forget about it. That's nothing."
    A" Azzurra, that is not nothing. The woman called us Chaospawn and darkness. What did we ever do to her?"
    "Chaos, the antithesis of the Light of the Creator, and the ultimate evil to the Creator's ultimate good. In the same way, chaosspawn is basically the ultimate insult one can receive – as in, your entire existence is to evil end and nothing good can come out of it."
    "Of course I've got to be angry!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    H" That-that's well enough, Anatolio."
    "Hanes tries to stem the tide of my anger. Azzurra does the same – through the look of her eyes."
    "But why?"
    "This doesn't make any sense!"
    H" Fine. F-fine then. I'll t-tell you the truth."
    "Hanes wipes his hair. Azzurra pinches him on the shoulder, and receive a shake in return,"
    "Hanes lowers his voice: now he looks quite like a younger, miniature Father Fredo in looks and demeanor – the weight of his thoughts hangs heavily in his every word."
    H" Anatolio. Do you recall w-where we met Azzurra?"
    A" Mr. Ines' place?"
    H" T-that's right. It was Mr. Ines' place."
    H" Now, my dear Anatolio, d-do you know how that came to pass? How Azz-Azzurra was fostered by Mr. Ines?"
    A" Wasn't that because her parents abandoned her at the chapel?"
    "Isn't that a matter of course?"
    H" Have you, my dear intelligent friend, ever thought it strange that any parent would abandon a ten-year-old child?"
    A" Uh—"
    "Hanes is right – that really doesn't add up. The thought didn't appear to me before: I was a child then, and took Mr. Ines' words for it."
    H" Then l-let me tell you this."
    H" Azzurra indeed was adopted by Mr. Ines at the chapel."
    H" But she hadn't been abandoned at the chapel."
    H" Rather, she'd been taken to the chapel."
    A" Taken?"
    "And then Azzurra places her hand on Hanes' shoulder."
    Az" Hanes. I can handle this."
    "She looks at me and swallows once – as if burying all her doubts and fears."
    Az" What can I say, Anatolio? I'm... sorry."
    A" Sorry? For what?"
    Az" For having kept all of this from you for all those years. This truth of mine does nobody any good, and... the thought that you would look at me like some sort of monster rather than just Azzurra... I can't stand it."
    Az" But then, well, there's no use hiding any more, is there?"
    H" Azzurra..."
    "	An awkward silence reigns in the narrow lane. My mind goes blank; perhaps I shouldn't let Azzurra face her past again, and yet my tongue freezes in my mouth."
    Az" It all began ten years ago."
    H" Y-you see, it wasn't such a g-good time then on t-this side of the river. Bad, bad business, w-was what I heard, and people w-weren't too happy."
    H" But the Festival, being w-what it is, well, it had to be held no matter what. And all was w-well."
    H" Except one thing."
    Az" There was a mugging, right after the main festival. The victim was an old woman – a candy-maker."
    "A candy-maker? Wait a second, could it be..."
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: trưa-quá khứ"
    "Old woman: Just that an unhappy little thing happened then, is all."
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    Az" Here is what happened. Imagine a busy street. Imagine a mother coming by, getting some cakes for her kid. Everything was just like normal."
    Az" Now imagine a street urchin in mud-caked rags tortured by an empty stomach. That cake she saw in the baker's hand looked just like salvation – delicious salvation. That's all she can do: leap at the baker, snatch the cake, and to hell with everything else."
    Az" Now, what would you do if someone leaps at you and snatches your stuff? You shout. That's what the young mother did. No mugger could get away – not in such a crowded place, and not..."
    Az" … not if that mugger didn't know what they were doing."
    A" What, then?"
    "And then away Azzurra turns, and I hear a warning bell in my ears."
    H" Everyone was outraged. I-imagine, a mugging, during the most holy of ceremonies!"
    H" They took the c-culprit to the nearest authori-authority figure at the time – Father Fredo's chapel. After all, he w-was Templar back then, and as good a judge and j-jury as he was executioner. Mr. Ines h-helped him with the questioning: he was p-pretty much town elder in those parts."
    A" You are telling me all this happened back then, and I know next to nothing of it?"
    "It is hard to force myself to believe. Seriously hard."
    H" Well, you w-were bedridden then, were you not? F-father Fredo didn't want n-neither you nor I t-to know, too. And I w-wouldn't, if I h-hadn't overheard h-him."
    A" And then what?"
    H" Azzurra."
    Az" You can guess the rest now, can you? They took the girl to the chapel: a young, amnesiac little girl, starving and black and blue all over. Whatever she did was purely out of survival instinct."
    Az" They would have lynched her right then or at the very least called for a severe punishment, had Father Fredo not intervened."
    Az" And the rest is history. Grandpa gained a foster granddaughter, Father Fredo's prestige was not as good as it once was, and many of the wealthy folks thought they wouldn't want to have anything to do with the “thieving” commoners since then."
    Az" And that girl? That girl gained a new name, a new family... a new life."
    Az" That worked... for a while."
    "There is this twisted smile on Azzurra's lips."
    "I don't know what to say. Heck, I'm not sure I know what to even think. I can only look, and what can I see? That side of Azzurra I've never thought I'd see before: A girl about to wake up from a lovely dream to face a nightmarish reality"
    A" So... it was you, wasn't it?"
    Az" The one and only."
    H" T-the problem being that, the in-incident took place... at six, on the sixth of June. Or s-so said the nobles."
    H" So since then t-they'd been thinking Azzurra i-is-"
    H" A spawn of chaos. Demon incarnated into the mortal w-world."
    "For just a brief moment I thought Azzurra had turned into stone: silent yet unbroken. And why should she not be? She'd taken the pain and horror in the flesh, and now when the time is come to recite, there should be nothing wrong..."
    "And then the facade cracks, and she starts trembling."
    "I was wrong: there are wounds that you don't see healing, mere scabs hiding a terrible gash underneath."
    "All of this I knew nothing..."
    "Unless, of course, I did, and only pretended that I didn't. That, Hanes seems quite keen to hammer in – with the coldest voice he can muster,"
    H" Have you forgotten?"
    "A wake-up call."
    "And I have awaken."
    "This, was what happened that day, at Mr. Ines' place"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    "Tiziano: It is in the light of the Creator and his infinite mercy that she came to us. Bright smile she has, I think – like the sun."
    A" I doubt that, gramps."
    "Tiziano: Thought you'd say that. It ain't nice, being petty. Why don't you little fellahs start playing?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "One moment. Two. Five. Ten. I don't know how long we've been waiting for Azzurra to regain her calm again."
    Az" So... that was why we had to run."
    "She looks away from me."
    Az" It's been a decade now. One decade of torment, without a single day of respite."
    Az" I was nothing. I had nothing: No identity, no memory, no place called home... and the places that should have brought to mind the Creator's infinite mercy flashes in my eyes as but another executioner's block."
    Az" Perhaps Father Fredo and Gramps had been wrong. Perhaps I really should not have existed. Perhaps I should have died."
    A" That's not right!"
    Az" Well, I'd like to think that's not right, too. I'd like to think... maybe all of this has happened for a reason. Perhaps there is a purpose for my entire existence."
    Az" That purpose, Ana, is you. You, and the fact that you are unaware of all of this."
    A" M-me? B-but that's... Why?"
    Az" Yes, you. Because you have never put much stock on the history of things: How things came to be. To you, everything just are, and that's all you need to know."
    Az" That's why you never quite questioned where I came from, or what my business is. I am in your eyes just Azzurra, an annoying girl who's irregardless part of your life – and you accept that as a matter of course."
    Az" That's all I ever want: to be a normal person. I'm not a demon or a chaosspawn or whatever fancy title the Church and the Templars and the nobility would cook up. I am just Azzurra. And I am, to you, just that."
    Az" And that's why..."
    Az" And that's why I wish you'd never know!"
    Az" Selfish, I know. I want to protect myself. I want to keep the illusion alive! Because I would only be Azzurra, next to an Ana who remains none the wiser!"
    H" T-that's q-quite enough, Azzurra!"
    "There is something on Hanes' sweat-smeared face that looked quite like fear and at the same time not unlike embarrassment. Normally I'd ridicule him – or ask him why."
    "Not now."
    Az" Though—"
    Az" I suppose I can't keep all of that from you forever. And you're smart, Ana. You'll only know more from this point on. Why, you may even realize a good chunk of the problems that you've had to face since you met me that morning at Gramps' place... is caused by yours truly."
    "And then Azzurra smirks. And then her smirk turns into a string of endless, half-crazed laughter. And then, into uncontrollable sobbing: She presses her face against me: her tears drench my shoulder."
    A" I... see."
    "Everything makes sense now: The confectioness that last time was the victim of this “heinous” crime. I sure wouldn't want to repeat to others that story if I were her."
    "Truly, the Creator works in mysterious way, that the one who did her “wrong” was the only one she could hear rather well. As for her gifting us with sweets, well... perhaps the scripture is right, and that it is in everyone's heart to be forgiving – just that some are more so than others."
    "And yes, that matches with what happened to me, too: I was a pretty miserable sick boy throughout those two months. The Sun Festival took place in that month I was bedridden, and me never being fond of history and the likes means I never bothered to learn about this “most sacred festival” beforehands."
    "During that time, Azzurra's “crime” happened, she was forgiven and then adopted by Mr. Ines. Then I came to the old man's place, and there I met her."
    "It all makes sense now. Too much sense, I fear."
    A" Azzurra. It has never been your fault."
    "I couldn't have been more certain even if I tried."
    A" At the end of the day, you're a victim. Not a culprit, not at all."
    "Azzurra looks at me with those teary eyes of her."
    Az" D-do you really... think so?"
    A" You know me. Why would I lie to you about this?"
    A" Look, Father Fredo represented the laws of the Creator and would have to dispense with His mercy or His justice as is appropriate."
    A" Am I right, Hanes?"
    H" W-well, not completely right, b-but that works for the most part?"
    A" Good enough for me. So, when he'd pronounced you free of all charges, that mean you are free of all charges and accusations."
    A" From that point, you're as innocent as the rest of Creation, unmarred by sins. Everything other people say? Holds no water before the Creator's Law and Mercy."
    "Again, I can't develop a stronger argument on Church dogma even if I tried."
    Az" But—"
    A" It is just like I said."
    "I look around the place, and pick up the cleanest-looking loose pebble from the cobblestone. Then, still holding on to her shoulder, I place the pebble in her palms."
    A" Azzurra. No matter how the world thinks of you, no matter how they'd try to keep you down and throw you away... would you be like this pebble: strong and steadfast and indefatigable? For your own sake, and mine?"
    A" You are blameless. You don't need to hide – that means these nasty people would have won. You don't want that, do you?"
    "Azzurra clutches the pebble tightly in her hands."
    A" Isn't that what you want? To be just Azzurra? Well, my dear Azu, that's what I want you to do: Be yourself, and don't give a rat's behind about those nasty people!"
    "Azzurra (che mặt): …"
    "Awkward silence, that's what I get. Should I try to mend the atmosphere somehow?"
    A" Well, uh... that's my fault, just now. Giving away our names to complete strangers wasn't my best moment, y'see, eh..."
    "I look outside of the lane."
    A" And, uh... they aren't chasing us, and that's great! How about we make a break for it while we can? Hanes, Azzurra? You guys with me?"
    "I desperately blink at Hanes' direction. Miraculously, he gets it:"
    H" T-that's right! O-off we go, I'm hun-hungry, too! H-how about we g-go somewhere for some f-f-food?"
    "He pats Azzurra's shoulder, eyes looking elsewhere."
    H" B-brilliant weather, no? Per-per-perfect time to go p-p-places! H-how about not w-waste it? N-no?"
    "Equally miraculously, Azzurra finally starts giggling."
    Az" Never been a good liar, no, Hanes? Weren't you burping a storm just now? Just had lunch, no?"
    H" R-r-really? I d-d-don't quite re-recall that, uh..."
    "Hanes. Poor liar. And poor coverer of poor lies. At your service."
    H" A-anyway, that's the end of t-that, no? We sh-should be clear now, I think. Right, Anato-Anatolio?"
    A" Clear. Nobody hides anything from anyone from now on."
    "It doesn't take long to realize it was only me and Hanes who have been talking. Azzurra remains rather silent – though her footsteps sound as if a great burden had been lifted from it."
    "And true to form, Azzurra skips towards the entrance of the lane. She turns around, and just for the moment it looks as if she's been cloaked in the endless golden sun. And her smile, now, is truly like the brightness of that sun:"
    Az" Thank you, Ana—"
    "//Flash sáng lên rất nhanh"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "What just happened?"
    "I can't hear anything."
    "Nor did my eye react on time."
    "Too noisy. Too quick. Too sudden."
    "A stallion neighed. A carriage rolled forth. The light vanished."
    "Then Azzurra's voice died."
    "There her smile was, and there it was no more."
    "The carriage has gone as if it had never existed. And so... has Azzurra."
    A" Azzurra!!!"
    "I hear myself scream."
    "I hear the rest of the world blurring."
    "The corners of my eyes catch Hanes dashing to the entrance of the lane. He seizes my hand and pulls me forward – all of this before my brain could process anything."
    "Hanes and Anatolio: Azzurra!!!"
    "I don't know what to think, except for the most likely scenario."
    "Azzurra—"
    "— has been kidnapped."
    ""
    "Hanes looks at his feet."
    H" W-when I tell you to run, you run, not as-ask! //Nham hiểm// B-bleeding blockhead."
    A" Who're you calling blockhead?"
    H" Is that e-even important?"
    H" T-tell you what, we m-must hurry. T-they snatched Az-Azzurra... we m-must do somet-something."
    "I don't necessarily disagree with that."
    A" But why now? This has never happened before, and Azzurra's been here heaps!"
    "Before they closed the bridge, that is. I've taken her to these parts quite often then... and not a thing had happened until now."
    H" B-because your fault!"
    A" Mine?"
    H" W-who told you to mention a-all our names?"
    H" N-now people know y-your faces. T-this is going t-to be terrible."
    "What has happened to Hanes, and since when did he appear smarter than me? Not the time nor place, but his arrogance and distinct lack of humility does have a way of getting on my nerves."
    "Right. Neither the time nor place. It was my fault. I don't know what I'll have to do to solve this problem, but when it's done, I will have to apologize to Azzurra..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: trưa"
    "I feel Hanes' hands closing around my wrist, and myself being dragged off like a sheep to the slaughter."
    H" Go, go, go!"
    "Neither time, nor place."
    "Neither time, nor place."
    "Neither time, nor place..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường cái"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "Thanks to Hanes, our situation ends up being a little better than it could have been."
    "I can see the carriage, trying to speed off rather unsuccessfully. The streets aren't exactly empty at this hour."
    "But then, even that doesn't help us as much as I thought it would."
    H" Stop! Halt! N-now!"
    "If there has been any doubt remaining as to the reality of the situation, Hanes has just smashed it. I can catch a glimpse of Azzurra's face inside – restraint by a shadowy figure."
    "Her mass of golden blonde hair flutters by the window."
    A" Azzurra!!"
    "//Màn hình zoom-in nhanh"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường giàu có"
    "Thời gian: chiều"
    "We... were being stupid."
    "You can't really catch up with a horse-drawn carriage on foot."
    "Not even if our friend has just been kidnapped – I repeat, kidnapped – right before our eyes."
    "And lo, the carriage finally vanishes behind a turn of the road, and there wasn't a thing we can do about it."
    A" T-this isn't working!"
    H" Then what does?"
    "Hanes' face is now a mix of anger and flummoxment."
    A" And how the heck am I supposed to know?"
    H" …"
    "I... should not have done that. Shouldn't have lost my temper..."
    "It's all I can do to take a deep breath and try to clear my mind."
    A" I... mean we need to calm down. We can't catch that carriage this way! Can we take a shortcut or something?"
    "I pull Hanes to the side of the road. We're now quite a bit away from the place just now, and the noise seems to have died down somewhat. I can finally blend into the crowd again, and that is good. That is really, really good."
    A" I bet it's just running around these parts. How about we split up and see if we can find it?"
    H" N-not a problem, though t-to where?"
    A" Let's just split now, okay?"
    "I point to the T-junction just ahead of us."
    A" See, one way goes to the center of the Quarter, and through to the lake. The other... well, I bet that leaves town."
    "Was that not what the woman just now had said?"
    "The chance that those who kidnapped Azzurra would take her to the city center is quite low. But if they do go that way, we'd be quite likely to run into them one way or another."
    "We don't have all the time in the world... so all I can think of doing is to hedge my bet."
    A" Which way, Hanes?."
    H" I-I'm fine with either. Y-you?"
    "Never count on Hanes to make a decision when it count. That being the case, I will..."
    "Choice 6.7"
    "1.	Take the turn to the city center"
    "2.	To the outskirts I go"
    "3.	Just pick one at random!"
    "Choice 6.7 = 1"
    "How about no? Like I thought, it's unbelievable that the kidnappers would head back into the city center."
    "They would have preferred less-traveled paths."
    "Besides, there's that possibility someone would still recognize me after the ruckus just now. Bottom line, nope, I'm not heading that way."
    "Hanes can take care of that – he's an initiate, and has all the perks and privileges as a clergyman ought to have."
    "It's decided then."
    A" I'll take the outskirt. Hanes, go head back into the center."
    H" F-fair enough."
    "Then we split – for but a few seconds when Hanes turns around."
    H" S-so where shall we meet ag-again?"
    A" Lake!"
    "That's all the thought I can muster at the moment."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.7"
    "***"
    "Choice 6.7 = 2"
    "Sounds good to me. Like I thought, it's unbelievable that the kidnappers would head back into the city center."
    "They would have preferred less-traveled paths."
    "Besides, a rich carriage would stick out like a sore thumb in the open outskirts. I can at the very least see where they're going to... as long as I don't tarry here any more!"
    "It's decided then."
    A" I'll take the outskirt. Hanes, go head back into the center."
    H" F-fair enough."
    "Then we split – for but a few seconds when Hanes turns around."
    H" S-so where shall we meet ag-again?"
    A" Lake!"
    "That's all the thought I can muster at the moment."
    "Goto ChoiceOut 6.7"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 6.7 = 3"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Someone's kidnapped Azzurra."
    "And you, hmm, still can't be decisive for once?"
    "How... disappointing. I'd thought better of you"
    "I shall give you one more chance. Do it properly this time!"
    "Goto Choice 6.7"
    "oOo"
    "ChoiceOut 6.7"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian tối-mưa"
    "Exhausted. Beleaguered. And most of all, despairing."
    "Everything seems a vast emptiness to me, Azzurra's name echoing in my head – with all the regret and a jumbled mess of emotions that brings."
    "Rain streams down my face. My hands freeze. The thought that Azzurra is out there somewhere under the same rain chills me to the bone."
    "True to the wise words, company would defeat the most terrible of winter, while desolation would bring endless frost even to the warmest of summer."
    A" Azzurra."
    "I've been murmuring her name like a mantra of madness, as if it would lift the fatigue off my feet."
    "The air around me congeals; it is as if I were swimming in melted snow."
    "And the ground feels to my feet like an endless swampland whose mud and dirt would stick to my sole with every passing step, deigning to swallow me whole into its depths."
    "For once that doesn't seem so bad..."
    "Snap out of it! No time for negativity! Creator's mercy, please deliver Azzurra to safety!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: hồ"
    "Thời gian tối-mưa"
    "A flash of lightning ignites in the sky, accompanied by a terrible thunderclap, like a predator's monstrous roar. My ears goes numb, my eyes blurred by its aftereffect."
    "Where was I again? On the way to the lake. That's where I would meet Hanes. If he's luckier than I, this would be my last chance to find Azzurra tonight."
    "And of course he would be, I told myself. Hanes has the support of the entire Church and Father Fredo and whatever else,"
    "What I find instead is a Hanes waiting for me in the rain. His mass of white hair and crooked figure stands like a twig planted in the ground before my eyes."
    H" Anatolio-"
    "He speaks as calmly as he has ever been. More calmly, in fact, than the situation would have warranted."
    "Good old Hanes, still in the dusty initiate robe of his, stands there in the rain, drenched to the bone. He must have been waiting for me for a while now."
    "His sorry state of affairs is, unfortunately, the least of my concerns right now."
    A" W-where's A-Azzurra?"
    "But then Hanes shrugs."
    H" O-of course she isn't here."
    "Wait, what?"
    "“Of course”? What kind of game is he playing with me?"
    "Is it that he doesn't care about Azzurra at all, and has only made a show of looking for her?"
    "Or does he know where she is, but is trying to play me for a fool?"
    "Or, or, or, could it be that he orchestrated the whole thing?"
    "Lots and lots of different thoughts both relevant and not swirl around in my head. I can only think enough to do one thing in my sorry mental state of affair."
    "I lunged at the fellow, and tossed at his face the most instinctively feral hook I can at once muster."
    A" I am not playing your bloody game, you wretch!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "The cold and wetness has sapped much of my strength. Still, the impact was quite enough to knock Hanes off his feet – or maybe it's just because he hasn't expected I would do that."
    "It must have been the fright of his life I am giving him: There I was, standing over him, lightning flashing behind me. It seems a miracle he can even stand up at all."
    "But he did, and grabs me on the shoulder before I can react with another punch or three."
    H" C-calm down! Ana-Anatolio, h-hear me! A-Azzurra's home!"
    A" Wait, what?"
    "My arms fall limp. There's no need for Hanes to restrain me, though perhaps out of self-preservation he still kept my arms locked until he'd be sure I have calmed down,"
    "At which point the rain starts to pick up. The next wave of downpour nicely washes off the dirt on Hanes' robe courtesy of my (undeservedly) violent reaction."
    H" S-see the rain? I-I thought it would b-be good to let A-Azzurra home first, a-and then look for you."
    A" Really now?"
    H" Y-you don't believe me, do you? O-Or would y-you just rather hit me?"
    "True, Hanes' lower lip was swelling. And it's my fault."
    A" H-how's Azzurra?"
    "His hands clamp tightly on my shoulders."
    H" R-rest assured. She's f-fine. As f-fine as can be given the s-situation."
    "He could have given me a punch or ten, and given that confirmation I would have seen it enough of compensation. I should also have apologized, thinking of it."
    "Perhaps I'll do so later down the line."
    A" Th-thank you, Hanes."
    "I grab his hands and shake them as hard as I have ever remembered to."
    H" N-never you mind. Tell-tell you what, Azzurra s-saved herself, somehow. I o-only ran into her on the w-way."
    A" But how?"
    H" That's w-why I can't help you t-there – I know barely b-better than you do."
    H" Go home. G-Go home and see your Azzurra."
    "What else can I do except to run home as quickly as I can and thank the merciful Creator I have such a good friend at my back?"
    "At the end of the day, heavy rain is not without its allure."
    "The light from the houses along the roadside glints upon the wet cobblestone. It looks like a sea of stars under my feet."
    "When I run off, Hanes does give me a few words of warning that I don't catch."
    "Only a while later would I find out this is what he says:"
    H" K-keep an eye out, Anatolio. A-Azzurra is as f-fine as can be given th-the situation. She's still a-a-a bit shaken, I say!"
    "But that is another story for another day."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường trước nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối-mưa"
    A" Azzurra!"
    "Without a second thought, I hurry through the doorway."
    "If I am right, Azzurra wouldn't lock her doors until much later."
    "I am right."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    "//Màn hình run lên"
    Az" KYAAAAAAAH!!!!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" I-I-I'm sorry!"
    Az" Just 'sorry'?"
    A" Alright, alright, I promise I'm never going to bare into ypour place uninvited again! Not again! I swear on my life and honor! That enough, my dear ladyship?"
    Az" Right. Riiiight. I'll take it."
    "Azzurra drops her angry face, and instead stares at my face."
    "Azzurra (nhìn chăm chăm): …"
    A" W-what's the matter?"
    Az" Nothing in particular."
    A" Then why the long face?"
    Az" I am just thinking, were it not me but some other noble lady's home that you barged into without permission, well, that might have been the end of Anatolio Pietro..."
    A" L-let's hope not!"
    "//Màn hình nảy lên"
    "//Flash sáng"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" So anyway, how did you get home?"
    "It has taken me quite a long while just waiting for Azzurra to get changed. Even longer, counting the time I decided to let her rest on the situation a bit."
    Az" Silly Ana. Why would I not get home?"
    A" I-I mean, how did you escape from that? Did Hanes save you? Did they let you go? Or... what exactly?"
    Az" Did who let me go?"
    A" Isn't that too clear? Someone kidnapped you into their carriage! That's plain for all to see!"
    Az" They were just giving me a tour of the place, Ana."
    "What's with that reaction? What's with that absolute calmness of tone?"
    "No, this doesn't sound right. The more I think on it – and I did give it a moment of silence or two – the less sense it makes."
    A" Really, Azzurra? Alright, let's assume someone's kind enough to give you a Merchants' Quarters Guided Tour for free, would it not have made more sense for them to, y'know, tell us before they'd do so, rather than just snatch you like that?"
    Az" Well, we did, but you guys didn't hear it."
    A" You've never been a very good liar, Azzurra. Would you please just tell me the truth? I'm worried sick!"
    Az" Teehee..."
    A" What's so funny? If I'd known-"
    Az" If you'd knew, you wouldn't have gone looking for me, would you?"
    A" …"
    Az" Hanes told me everything. How worried you were. How much of a hurry you went off looking. And... that thing where you barged into my place without express permission."
    Az" Listen, Ana. I was taken against my will. But then here I am, safe and sound. No damage done, at all!"
    Az" No cause for alarm or worry!"
    "There's something incredibly cute about Azzurra's demeanor, such that my cheek starts to flush red."
    Az" But then... let me tell you something."
    Az" I was afraid. Very, very afraid."
    Az" They kept me gagged. For a time I fell asleep. When I woke up, I was still in the carriage, while the two drivers sit at the front. I don't see their faces, only hear their voices."
    Az" They're rather large... and terribly loud. Like my worst nightmare come true."
    Az" They didn't know I've awaken. I pretended to continue sleeping. I think they did try to check on me once or twice... and found nothing strange."
    Az" I... I thought it would have been better if I were still in a coma. Then I wouldn't have to hear anything, or know anything any more. Let the Creator and His hand arrange my destiny – like a sinner awaiting her final judgement. Business as usual, that's what I thought."
    A" Azzurra…"
    Az" But then, I thought of you guys. You've opened my eyes. I'm not a sinner. I've been judged, and proven innocent. There is no reason I have to shut up and take punishment for sins I have not committed!"
    Az" That's what I thought then – your words. They keep me calm, and make me feel I'm blessed. The Creator and His Court stands by me, that's how I felt."
    Az" I wanted to escape. I wanted to be free. So I thought I should save myself. I'm pretty sure the door's locked, and there's no way I can break out of it. And even if I can, it isn't like I can just jump off a moving carriage unhurt. And even if I can do that, well, trying to run away from a horse-drawn carriage is going to be rather pointless, don't you think?"
    "Azzurra's thought process does, indeed, coincide with mine to a remarkable degree."
    Az" But then I still have your pebble. That's the distraction I needed. I toss it out of the glass window, and straight at the carriage driver's back!"
    A" And that works?"
    Az" Like a charm! Picture this: All of this happens on a busy street aaaaand raised quite a pretty ruckus. All you need for the people around to look at you is to behave just a little oddly."
    Az" One scream and a lot of noisy neighs later, we've got a rather sizable horse of bystanders gathering the carriage. Some were curious, and the others thought that, well, my abductors were behaving rather oddly."
    Az" While these pleasant folks were caught up with their business, all I needed to do was to sneak of the carriage. Turns out they didn't lock thwe door as securely as they could have, and there I was!"
    Az" I thought I should go home right then and there, but then I was afraid maybe these people would be waiting for me there. They might know where I live, and that frightened me more than anything."
    Az" I could only think to go the the safest place I know: the chapel. There I met Hanes... and he took me home."
    "	Azzurra: Thankfully, then the rain starts. And it looks like they don't know where I live after all. So I guess I've earned myself a breather."
    A" I... see."
    Az" So, so, so! Have I earnt myself some compliment for my wits?"
    "What else I can do but give her the nod of approval she deserves?"
    "That's probably an “Exceeds Expectation”."
    "No, better than that. That's amazing. Extraordinary. Astoundingly terrific."
    A" Looks like you didn't need me at the end of the day, did you?"
    Az" Not this time, but I will still do in the future. After all, you are my most loyal old guard."
    A" O-old guard?!"
    Az" Yikes…//delay 1s// I... I mean, my very best friend! Now I am not afraid of anything any more. Especially since—"
    A" Since?"
    Az" Today's thing is by no means a coincidence, Ana."
    "Azzurra's face hardens. And I can feel the blood draining from my face."
    "That's no forbidden, rocket science."
    "Throughout today's uncomfortable things, I've been having this weight in my heart."
    "It is like everything in a very large part of my life (namely, Azzurra) has changed for the more drastic, and I am still unsure how I can adapt to it all."
    "It is as if a קוֹמֶדִיָה act is just about opening."
    "What could that possibly be?"
    "***"
    "NOTE 3: A FRAGMENT, LOST AND FOUND."
    "Cảnh: thảo ngunên xanh – effect: vignette"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "“Father!” The little girl's voice rings out."
    "The father steps closer, taking the calm-measured step of a well-learnt man. His feet hobble, while his hands curl uncomfortably around the pinkish kitle in the likeness of a too-colorful butterfly. Now the butterfly has been smudged, having earlier fallen into the mud, which smears a little on his cream-colored vest."
    "“There you go, dear,” he says, bending down just a little. His one hand gives her the kite, his other scruffling her hair."
    "“Thank you!” exclaims the girl."
    "“Don't indulge her too much, dear,” says the woman as she runs towards them. She eyes the girl sternly. “You too. Don't you think it's a bit much pestering your father to take you out kiting first thing in the afternoon?”"
    "The girl's joyful face sinks, and the father would have none of that."
    "“That's fine,” he says. “'Tis not everyday, that I get to be a pretty good father, no?”"
    "	“Don't say that, dear,” says the woman. “You have never not been the finest father any child can ask for.”"
    "“That's right, Father! You're the very, very bestest!” says the girl, and let the butterfly kite take flight. “Please don't go any more, please? Pretty please?”"
    "“Seems like I hardly have any choice, do I?”"
    "“Promise? Promise!”"
    "“There, there, my little sapling, dear.”"
    "He is many things: a great man, a madman... and just a father at the end of the day."
    "No matter what the rest of the world thinks of him, he remains a father much beloved."
    "Is that not the only thing that matters?"
    "He looks at his baby girl chasing after the kite."
    "It is his happiest moment, and yet contradictorily his most tormented. Like two sides of an ironic coin."
    "So it is, that this trip has given his daughter just a bit of respite from the walls of the sanitorium. It's almost salvation – to her, and to him."
    "“Time's up.” whispers his wife into his ear."
    "“Time flies, doesn't it?” he says, and claps his hands. “Let's go, dear.” He taps on the girl's thin shoulders."
    "“We'll come again tomorrow,” he says."
    "“Really, Father?”"
    "“Why would I lie to you?” he says. “So rest assured, we'll take you back again, and again and again..”"
    "Then he kneels a little, turning his back to her. As if on cue, the little girl leaps on his back, clutching at his neck like an obedient puppy."
    "“Get well soon.”"
    "The man looks to the sky. “My dear Azzurra...”"
    "***"
    "MOVEMENT 5: AZZURRA AND HANES"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: hoàng hôn"
    "I have had a rather odd dream."
    "I dreamt I was returning to an old place from an old time."
    "Then I took Azzurra to an old oak stump. A really old and truly enormous one: took more than our arms together to make even halfway around its perimeter."
    " Its bulging roots looked just like a host of serpents and pythons, brown and rough and curling and tough as iron all over, as if rushing from the very core of its being and burrowing underneath the dirt, waiting for an unwitting prey to come by. Then they would pounce."
    "Yep, that sounded like what predators are wont to do, didn't it?"
    ""
    Az" So wouldn't the side roots be like those little snakes keeping an eye on thing for the rest of the host? Like, you know, the re-cog-nai-sance or something?"
    "Azzurra points to the cluster of hanging foliage. Her imagination, at times, exceeds even mine."
    A" That's the one!"
    "I clapped. That's what I do, all the time, in her presence."
    Az" That's scary!"
    A" Well, that's probably because it kind of is? Gramps liked to tell me that's what serpents and pythons do. They stay motionless all day, studying their prey and little else."
    A" And then when the sun sets, against the red dusk and the evening breeze, the ginormous pythons would wake up, and that's it for their targets!"
    A" Over there, behind you! It's moving!"
    Az" Not buying it!"
    "Azzurra turned away and pursed her lips, yet that little start on her shoulder isn't deceiving anybody. You know the sort: a chill along your spine that just happens to come for the silliest of reasons, but may unnerve even the bravest."
    "I suppose the mental image of enough snakes to devour an army would do that to you. Strangely, that's when Azzurra looks the cutest to my eyes."
    "But then, we all know those roots and branches were just that: Roots and branches. No serpents or pythons around there."
    "But then I should probably change the topic. Azzurra's imagination has a way of going too far."
    Az" Anatolio? I have an idea!"
    A" Yeah?"
    Az" Wanna draw me next to this tree?"
    "So Azzurra'd done the hard part for me. That was a pleasant surprise."
    A" What brought that about?"
    Az" Anatolio. How do you like the sunset?"
    A" Eh... that's rather cool, I think?"
    Az" Why the 'rather cool' part?"
    A" Well, uh—"
    A" No reason, I guess."
    "My brain shook and rattled like a clunky piece of work, then rumbled to life."
    A" Dawn and dusk are both good in their own ways, I think. That's the time where the sky changes. And they are extraordinary, too. You see red, then you see yellow, then you see shades of the rainbow mixed in that diffusal of light. You can hardly see the same dawn or dusk again. Olus, you never see a pallid or borind color there."
    A" And you know me. I happen to rather like special things – and the color red. That's about it."
    "Azzurra remained silent. She looked at the ground, her eyes following a line of marching ants, one after another disappearing into the depth of their colony."
    "Then she looked to the sky."
    Az" How I see it, dusk is that time you see the sky like the yolk of an egg, and so gentle unlike the light of dawn. And it doesn't last, too, quite unlike the cloudless white of the noon sky or the deep sadness of the black night."
    Az" Yet they talk of sunset as it it were the end of a day. Or of sunrise like a new and fresh beginning. What do you think, Ana?"
    A" Well, there is a reason why dusk tends to be melancholic, and dawn hopeful, is there?"
    "But then people don't, I still think, dislike the dusk. Perhaps that's because there is something else to it, too."
    Az" Well, I find that reason to be rather unfair. You see, in a sense, isn't dusk the beginning of night in its own right, while dawn its end?"
    Az" I say, if beginning and end are just two sides of the same coin, why can't we see it that way? Why are people so afraid of the end? Don't they hope that the end of one will bring about the beginning of an even better other?Would the fear of the closure of one thing just plain fade when you accept such end and such beginning as they are?"
    "I felt the atmosphere around me condensing. So does my emotions. Azzurra's comment did have that sort of effect."
    "And yet—"
    Az" What's so funny, Ana? What did I get wrong?"
    "Yes, I was laughing. Though not at Azzurra's uncharacteristically philosophical thoughts; rather with it. I guess this didn't translate too well to Azzurra – she was pouting at me again."
    " Anatolio: No, not at all, you are too right. I'm just surprised you're saying such profound things. Unlike you, y'see."
    Az" Well am I a girl of many surprises."
    "Then I lay down on the grass. Hundreds of fluffy clouds (condensed from a million droplets of vapor) swirled in the sky, themselves forming up so many wondrous shapes."
    A" You're right. It would be better if people would just accept."
    A" But then, y'know what, Azzurra?"
    Az" Know what?"
    A" That's because human beings cannot let go."
    Az" What does that mean?"
    "Azzurra widened her eyes."
    A" Y'see, a tiger would leave her cub in the wild after but three years without looking back. After that, mother and cub would become two separate entities. Neither would have anything to do with the other any more."
    A" Same goes a lot of other species in the animal kingdom. After the offspring matures, they'd let them go, and that would be the end of that."
    A" That's not the same for us humans. We'd like to prolong our time next to each other. Even as we age, we would loathe to part with any friend or relative if we can help it."
    A" Are we not innately fearful of the end?"
    A" Well, Gramps did say at some point, that man is not afraid of death, he only loves life too much."
    A" What do you think?"
    Az" ..."
    A" Me, I think humans aren't even afraid of letting go of life all that much. You see so many people – take them folks in Aurora for once – who were pretty much not afraid of dying at all."
    A" Rather, we are afraid of letting go of that which we have gained. Relationships, achievements, fame, prestige, that sort of things. That which have begun, we are loathe to let go. That is just part of us – what makes us human."
    A" Same for your anxiousness, really. Sometimes, there are things you shouldn't compromise just to feel better about it. And..."
    "But then Azzurra cleared her voice before I could finish my sentence,"
    Az" How about I put it another way? This view is awesomely pretty, and I want to see it recorded down. In my head, and on paper. That alright with you, Anatolio the Old?"
    A" Clear and clear, Azzurra the Not-Young."
    "Azzurra (lảng đi): That, and—"
    A" And?"
    Az" I can't help but feel this tree's going to be... gone in just a bit."
    "Azzurra was full of melancholy again. As I said: We are all just humans, and humans are flawed, emotional, and in a sense greedy."
    Az" I'm just not sure if I'll get to see *** again—"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Azzurra has since regained much of her confidence."
    "Speaking of which, her erudition seems to have increased exponentially of late. I can't believe I'll have to say this, but there is now preciously little in which I can actually claim superiority over her enough to teach her."
    "I guess this is the part I should be afraid I'd fall behind, in addition to all of my other anxieties."
    "I asked her once, where did all of that inspiration and motivation came from. Guess how she answered it?"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    Az" You know me. I just happen to be motivated!"
    ""
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "I don't think there's any coincidental “happenstances” here."
    "And I would not be wrong."
    "See, Azzurra's existence has brought upon me countless troubles. From day one, if everything adds up."
    "Troubles that, at the end of the day, aren't her fault."
    "If I am to blame anyone, that would be her yet unknown parents who'd abandoned her in the middle of the unforgiving public and left her cold and starving. I reckon they'd be out there, part of the crowd so mercilessly condemning her, and lift not a finger."
    "Now there's only Hanes, Father Fredo and my family that remain firmly on Azzurra's side."
    "Well, but what can I do about that? If I continue dwelling on that which I can't help... well, I'd like my face looking upbeat when I can help it, thank you very much!"
    ""
    Az" Ana? What's the matter?"
    ""
    "I was thinking, as per usual. Of the one way I know to keep Azzurra safe and sound. A, well, truly failsafe way if there is one."
    ""
    A" How about we just return to the shop and wait it out."
    "//Azzurra ngạc nhiên."
    A" I'm not exactly feeling well, just now."
    Az" Eh, didn't you say we'll go see Elena again after lunch?"
    "I did say that? I don't think I recall..."
    "Whether I have indeed suggested so or not, it speaks measures to Azzurra's... daring, wanting to cross the bridge again just days after that incident. Or maybe she'd hit her head real hard, so the trauma of that day is no longer with her."
    "It is, however, true that the next time I saw her after the whole thing at the forest, Elena did suggest bringing some disguise that Azzurra can use next time she (or I) get the brilliant idea to come over again."
    "It's best that Azzurra don't come close to the rich and noble folks for as long as I can keep her, now that I've cleared my mind and kept my thoughts realistic."
    "Now, there is one thing I was wondering from that last time."
    "How did Azzurra get away so easily?"
    "The story she told me did make some sense, especially since I have over the last few days learnt that she is perhaps much, much more than I usually give her credit for."
    "But then no matter how smart or brave or awesome Azzurra is (or has become), it was still a girl versus two tall, large and probably murderous hired thugs."
    "What if someone rescued her? It is a possibility, though that someone cannot be Hanes, and if that had been the case, why did he not say anything about it?"
    "The other possibility is that they let her go themselves."
    "No, that makes no sense either. Those who would try to kidnap Azzurra probably hate her as much as the rest of the richer half of town, or had been hired by those who wish she'd never been born. Why would they let her go without so much as a scratch? Without even a threat or two?"
    "Besides, however I look at it the Church and the rest of the City authority would not take very kindly to an act of abduction, not even if it was this most hated person. Seems like too much of a risk just to make a shallow impression on good old Azzurra, no?"
    "I can't see any shrewd merchant or savvy politician doing this sort of nonsense."
    "Let's revisit the first hypothesis, then."
    "Suppose someone, a force still operating from the shadow, came across Azzurra in her time of dire needs, and very kindly saved her (with or without great risk to their person, let's not argue that right now)."
    "That hypothetical someone did so either through ludicrous use of force (Because large and tall thugs), or through some sort of... pressure."
    "So that would either be a nobleman, or a member of the clergy."
    "Or someone with lots and lots of cash to go around – landowners, merchants, caravan masters. The sort who goes to places on gilded carriage, swings around a fat purse of gold coins or a dozen, and dine on caviar twice a day."
    "Now, does that sound familiar? Do I know someone who possesses this sort of power?"
    "Better question, do I know a heiress to such a family?"
    "By the Creator, I do. I do indeed. To be exact, a haughty and sassy, yet ultimately good-hearted young noble lady with a penchant for strange linguistic syntax and the color crimson."
    "That means I, once again, owe Elena a big one."
    "Thinking of it, should I perhaps thank her in person?"
    "… would she even accept it?"
    "The answers “yes” and “no” are equally probable. If and when Elena does anything, she usually has her own reasons that she wouldn't tell anyone."
    "Indeed, knowing Elena, perhaps she doesn't even one to be credited for saving Azzurra (if my hypothesis is to be true)."
    "Besides, gratefulness doesn't always need to be expressed by words. If I can do Elena one good turn, that would be good enough. Knowing Elena, maybe I can... somehow."
    ""
    Az" City to Anatolio, copy?"
    ""
    "To tell the truth, Azzurra has been pumping up her own sass of late,"
    "Time to return to reality, Anatolio Pietro."
    " "
    Az" Hey, hey, I'm still waiting for an answer, y'know?"
    A" Well, uh... I'm not feeling very well after lunch. Indigestion, and a bit of a headache too."
    "I make a clutching gesture at my chest."
    "Thankfully, today my hoarse voice and my rather melancholic face does help lend a certain level of credibility to my outright lie."
    "Azzurra leans towards me, and places a hand on my forehead."
    "I almost jump."
    ""
    A" Hey, hey, hey!"
    Az" Stay quiet and let Azzurra the Physician do her work, alright?"
    "My face must have curled into a grimace right then and there. If so, it probably isn't an act: Her demeanor aside, Azzurra does look genuinely worried."
    Az" What did you even have for lunch? Hmm... might be a case of food poisoning – headache and stomachache, right?"
    A" Eh, uh... probably not. Just that..."
    "I lower my voice. The misery in my tone is probably half true."
    A" … Azu. L-let us go home, okay? J-just hear me this time..."
    "Azzurra looks at me, rather puzzled. But then she nods – warily, I may say."
    "Thankfully, the rest of the trip home sees no further problem I have to handle."
    "Emphasis on “the rest of the trip”."
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "And why so?"
    "Well, for starters, hardly have we arrived at the turn into our lane when Hanes' figure emerges."
    "There he stands in front of Azzurra's place, pacing about with his hands clasped behind his back. Seeing us, he claps his hand with a thwack, and then hurls himself at us."
    H" H-hullo, Anatolio, Azzurra! G-good to see y-you guys here! Azzurra! Y-you look mi-mightily fine, don't you?"
    "Hanes' arms reach out for the both of us, and pull us both into an embrace. I don't even know what he's babbling any more."
    ""
    H" You-you too, A-Anatolio! All's well with l-life? H-hope nothing bad's happened, t-that would be a shame, ha!"
    ""
    "//Màn hình hiện cục tức."
    A" That bad thing happens to be in the shape of a fist, right here."
    H" Eh, eh, t-that's a joke! J-joke I say!"
    A" Like I don't know what you're up to? But anyway, what's the occasion?"
    "//Anatolio ra vẻ nghi ngờ."
    A" Wait, did you finally get Azzurra's festival details cleared?"
    H" W-well, no. But I can do one b-better!"
    "Hanes quickly turns to Azzurra. There is this look of great excitement on his face that suddenly gives me chills."
    H" T-t-t-terrific news, Azzurra! Terrific, I say! I-I-we found your family!"
    "//Azzura ngạc nhiên."
    Az" M-my family? Did you- Did you just say my family? As in, mine? Did I hear you right, or-"
    H" I mean, you did. You d-did! We f-found your parents! Found, found, found!"
    "Wait. What?"
    "No, seriously. I can't be alone in this, can I?"
    "That's impossible. No, that's so impossible it shatters the rules of physics, nature and reality, and wheels around and becomes possible again."
    "Like I thought: Wait, what?"
    "Then my thought clears, and my eyes turn to Azzurra."
    "There she stands, quietly, her hands having found mine without me even being conscious about it."
    "And as much in a frozen shock as I am. In fact, she has even more of a reason to be in shock than I am: She is the main star of this tale, and I am not."
    "And then she blinks, and looks at Hanes with those severe eyes I didn't know she has in her."
    Az" I don't buy it."
    A" … Neither do I, Hanes. I doubt this is as amusing as you think it is."
    "If our combined eyes could burn, Hanes would have been ash right about now. They couldn't so here Hanes still stand..."
    "… and he looks more determined than I have ever known him to be."
    H" Look, I k-knew you'd react like that. Hard t-to swallow, I know. But that's w-what Father Fredo said himself! We found them, that m-much has been confirmed!"
    "Father Fredo?"
    "My facial muscles relaxes a little."
    "I may not trust Hanes fully, but Father Fredo's something else entirely. Not that I can completely buy it – too quick, too sudden, too... out of nowhere, but still, benefit of the doubt."
    A" Mind telling us from the start, Hanes?"
    H" W-well, back to the st-start it is. F-father Fredo used to be one of the Eyes of Light, d-don't you know?"
    "My eyes roll, and I feel Azzurra's hand tighten around my wrist."
    A" Actually, no?"
    "I do know that as a young man, Father Fredo was a Templar. And a typical one at that: strong, vigorous and filled with holy conviction, ready to visit divine retribution upon the purveyors of foul heresy."
    "But the Eyes of Light? No, he'd never told us about that."
    "Templar among Templars, that's what they are (or were, as the words go). That which strikes the fear of the Creator and death upon the heart of heretics and Aurora."
    H" Right. W-well, not a moment too early to learn about it then. I-in short, Father Fredo has m-many friends in the right place."
    H" He's got some in-investigations on your id-identity, Azzurra, on the side of official Church duties."
    Az" I-is that so? D-did he really now? But... why now? Last time I asked, he had hardly discovered anything new, had he?"
    "That was the case. The last time Hanes passed Azzurra her allowance, he told her that much. Of course, we've been so used to getting no news on this front that such lack of news hardly made us lose sleep."
    "Ironically, now this new piece of good news? That's going to make us lose sleep."
    "The atmosphere suddenly goes thick, and Hanes seems to get it. He scratches his head and drew a deep breath,"
    "Then the first thing he spoke was some carefully placed words of warning."
    H" A-Azzurra, Anatolio… M-my dear friends. D-do stay calm…"
    H" Th-there's a reason why F-father Fredo kept this from us all. Including me!"
    H" That's you, Az-Azzurra. I-I mean, you are hardly w-what people would call normal, s-see. H-hey, hey, c-c-c-calm down, Anatolio!"
    "Hanes' hands flail around as his face goes white. That's probably because of the murderous intent clearly visible on my face."
    "Right, I was just thinking of committing brutal assault on him using the nearest sharp object. Like a broken wine bottle that is just within an arm's length."
    H" L-look, what I mean is... A-Azzurra is, uh..."
    Az" No, I get it."
    "This time, Azzurra seems frighteningly quick at grasping the situation. It is almost as if she weren't Azzurra no more."
    H" Phew... t-thank you, Azu. L-long story short, all of this det-detective work h-has been hap-happening for a while now, just that Father F-Fredo's b-been keeping it from us! That's all!"
    H" Oh, and Mr. Ines w-was part of it too, back when he was a-alive!"
    Az" C-can it be true?"
    H" One h-hundred percent! Th-they were just good at keeping s-secrets!"
    H" I'm n-not so sure what that in-involved, but y-you know... Father Fredo is more careful than the rest of the world put t-together. Given y-your special circumstance, c-can you blame his d-discretion?"
    "Hanes turns his face up at the sky, then back at us. A great weight seems to have been lifted off him."
    H" B-by the Creator's mercy, it's about t-time for your l-long awaited reunion!"
    "Azzurra's grasp over my wrist trembles."
    Az" Then... who are they? And who am I? You certainly know, don't you? Hanes? Tell me! Please!"
    H" Y-you know, long story is l-long and all... What I do know, your aunt and uncle are w-waiting for you at the chapel!"
    " "
    A" Well, sorry for being a killjoy, but how do you know they're Azzurra's genuine, true-to-Creator family? What if they are fakes? Impostors?"
    "I cross my arm and rev my brain. You know what they say: Things that are too good to be true, well, tend to be too good to be true."
    H" T-that's not likely! You know Father F-Fredo, right? He's spent so much time on this matter, and he's so careful it hurts! That, a-and... you know, the world's smaller than you think. Is it th-that hard to imagine Azzurra finding hers a-again?"
    A" You're right, the world is round – spherical, to be exact. But then, even so, why wait until now? Why nobody even showed heads or tails after all those years Azzurra spent around here?"
    H" Anatolio, you are p-probably unaware... the world is not that large, yet not that small ei-either..."
    A" “Not that small”? Well, tell you what, you're not making any sense, are you? Sounds pretty much like some Aurora charlatan's reasoning..."
    H" T-that's not funny!"
    "Hanes' face starts to turn ruddy. Just as planned. Normally I would have laughed at his expense – I've always enjoyed poking Hanes exactly where he'd tick, for want of better things to do at times."
    " "
    "But I'm not exactly in the mood for making fun of him. Not now."
    A" Look, I'm sorry. Just that this story is... terribly hard to buy."
    H" So y-you don't believe me? W-what about F-father Fredo's words? I'm not m-making this up, I'm only a m-messenger for him!"
    A" No, I wish I could believe you, I really do."
    A" But then, y'know, Father Fredo is only human, and humans make mistake, and mistakes like this will hurt Azzurra so much, and we can't have that!"
    "."
    H" H-Heh… S-since when have you become Azzurra's personal sen-sentinel? Azzurra has her own hands and eyes and mouth a-and fate! She n-needs no guardian!"
    H" Right, A-Azu? You're a f-free woman in a free s-state! Y-your happiness is r-right there, w-would you not go for it? Let no z-zealous boy stop you!"
    "My hand curls into a fist."
    A" Do you even listen to what you're spouting, you fool?"
    "//Azzura tức giận."
    Az" ANATOLIO! That's enough!"
    A" Azzurra-"
    Az" Hanes… Hanes is right. I... can't be running away forever, can I? Am I right, Ana? I've been living on this distant hope of the truth – who am I, what am I, why everything happened as they did... and what is my purpose. Sooner or later..."
    Az" Sooner or later there has to be a good answer to everything. From Father Fredo, from anyone, that doesn't matter. I just have to give it a shot. Otherwise I won't be able to live with myself."
    Az" Besides, that's the Eye of Light Father Fredo asked – best among the Templars, right? That's just another layer of guarantee."
    A" S-so you actually trust them?"
    Az" Not completely, no, but..."
    H" So now y-you're telling me you don't even t-trust the work of the Church and the Templars? What happened to your faith?"
    A" Y-you dare, Hanes!"
    H" Shut up, Anatolio! That's enough b-bullying from you! Y-ou've been doing n-nothing but s-standing in the w-way of Father F-Fredo's good-goodwill! I'm t-taking all of this abuse, j-just for Azzurra's sake, but enough is w-well enough! She calls t-the shots here, not you!"
    H" Azzurra, h-hear me out, this is what F-father Fredo found out. Your parents are n-no longer with us. Following th-their passing, it w-was a familial strife th-that led to Azzurra b-being kicked out of her house. Inheritance issue, or something along those l-lines."
    H" N-now it's your aunt and uncle, your father's b-brother and s-sister-in-law, who are claiming you again. Th-they don't know either, wh-why your memory lapse happ-happened. P-perhaps they were ash-ashamed, or af-afraid of having to face you again, for all those years…"
    H" T-they said they've w-wanted to take y-you back in for a while now, b-but their situation b-being what it is... Only lately did F-father Fredo somehow p-persuaded them into saying yes! Late bravery's b-better than never!"
    Az" … That's all true, then, Hanes?"
    H" I-I swear in the name of the Creator and His Court! I-I don't want to hurt you, Azzurra! B-but there's o-only so much abuse I c-can take without reason!"
    "	I take a step back. Have I done it this time? Have I actually pushed Hanes too far?"
    H" Ah, f-forget it. L-let me tell you e-everything then. T-the money you g-get every month? That's act-actually your aunt and uncle's mo-money, not the Church's. Father Fredo s-said so himself! They'd only hope you'd f-f-forgive them... and you will, r-right?"
    "Then Hanes draws another deep breath, as if a huge burden has been lifted off his back."
    H" I've m-made my case. W-will you follow me?"
    Az" Eh?"
    H" I... I don't k-know. You h-have so many reasons to say no, I k-know. You may not b-believe us, or hate your re-relatives for all those years of n-neglect. B-but the Azu I-I know will be forgiving, r-right? A-as your friend, I o-only want the best for you, s-so I'd implore you t-to..."
    Az" Hanes... you misunderstood."
    H" S-so that's a no?"
    Az" … On the contrary. I have to meet them!"
    A" Hold... hold on right there, Azzurra, this whole business is—"
    "I raise my hand. I can't at once put a finger down to what, but this tale Hanes has just spun... somehow doesn't quite follow in my mind. Something is just wrong, I know it."
    Az" Anatolio. Hanes is right."
    Az" I trust Father Fredo, and I trust Hanes. Would you not? Father Fredo is like a grandfather to us, and Hanes... is our friend. Why would they lie to me? Would you, Hanes?"
    "It is a rhetorical question, but Hanes shakes his head profusely anyway."
    Az" The only problem is only me. Dare I face them?"
    Az" I'm afraid, I'll admit. Miracle or no, whether I've been waiting for it to happen for so long or no... doesn't matter. I'm afraid of facing those people... who might well be strangers, and call them relatives."
    Az" Wouldn't you, in my shoes? Wouldn't you be afraid of having to face the past? Wouldn't you be afraid that maybe these people are only reluctantly accepting you?"
    Az" The more I think, the more problems I picture. Anything can happen. Would they take me far, far away? Would they keep me from you guys? Would they force me to live with things that simply isn't the way Azzurra Ines is?"
    Az" But I will have to face them. Because they're family, and that alone accounts for so much."
    Az" Best case scenario, I'll have a family at long last! I'll be accepted, and everything we've talked about will only be a spur-of-a-moment, a memory to be remembered but not dwelt upon. Am I right, Ana?"
    "No. Azzurra is too right."
    "At the end of the day, Azzurra's problems pretty much all stem from her uncertain identity. That's like a curse, a prison you aren't going to be free of. Now the key to that frightening prison has come. Or a metaphorical miracle of exorcism that the Creator Himself has given her."
    "To think of it... what am I to stop her from receiving that miracle she so deserves? I'd have to be a most selfish clown."
    "A feeling of indescribable loss takes root within me as Azzurra steps towards Hanes. Maybe it's just me, but I thought he's just shuddered – his face goes pale, as if Azzurra were something tremendously frightening."
    "Like, say, the sun-swallowing monster that the Creator fights an eternal battle against, as the scripture describes."
    Az" Hanes, I trust you. All I ask... is that you'd be there if I need help. You too, Ana. Will you?"
    "My body shivers with a start."
    "Azzurra is smiling, there, a proud smile, and rather scary in its own ways. Hanes' mouth quivers, but no words escape it. As for me?"
    A" Do you even need to ask? We're friends, right? That's what friends do, that is!"
    H" Well... uh... right, I mean, that's completely right!"
    Az" That's all I need."
    "Azzurra turns about, and looks me in the eyes."
    Az" Do you have any other worry, Ana?"
    A" Shall I go with you? That would be better, wouldn't it?"
    Az" Nah, that's not needed. This is my business, see. There might be... complications when they asked for one relative and got two."
    "Azzurra winks at me. What truly strikes me as odd and inspiring at the same time, is how confident Azzurra now presents herself. She has perhaps discovered for herself a cause. A raison d'etre that previously was sorely missing."
    "If I say I'm not at all selfish, I'd be lying."
    A" But you need someone to protect you…"
    "Azzurra's hand falls upon my shoulder with a light smack."
    Az" Thank you, Ana. But then I'm not a noble lady who'd need a chaperon and a million bodyguard everywhere I go, no?"
    Az" Don't worry, don't worry! I'll be back and visit often. I'm not just about to leave and be gone like that time, am I now?"
    "Then her arms fall to her sides. She smiles at Hanes."
    Az" You go first, Hanes. I have a few things I need to cover first."
    H" B-but F-father Fredo said t-they're waiting!"
    "Azzurra rolls her eyes."
    Az" We've been apart for so many years. Another half an hour or an hour... or even a day, what difference does that make?"
    H" A w-whole day?"
    Az" A whole day. May I bother you to tell Father Fredo as much? He'll understand, I'm sure."
    H" I... see. What w-would you do with a day then?"
    Az" Business. Gramps' heritage."
    "oOo"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines – Phòng sách"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    A" YAAAAARGH!"
    "//Màn hình nẩy lên x 3"
    "BLAM!"
    "So, what is it the old folks like to say? “Books can kill”? I'm not sure if they meant it literally. Merciful Creator, the pile that has just collapsed next to me could have well claimed a life!"
    "My eyes fix upon a thick tome bound with so much leather and a bit of metal. That could have well been the end of me and my Sun Festival aspirations."
    "A long sigh escapes my nostrils. What am I even doing here again? To help Azzurra clean up? Or to make a bigger mess of the place?"
    "But then I press my hand against my chest. Someone has to take care of Azzurra's book pile. That's why she gave me her key, right? Me, Anatolio Pietro the Great, rather than, say, Dad, or Mom, or even Hanes."
    "It just makes sense that it's now my responsibility to take care of this library, isn't it? If Azzurra doesn't come back..."
    "No, what am I thinking? Of course Azzurra will come back, she promised as much!"
    "I pick up the book, dust it over, and place it back on the table where Azzurra likes to sit."
    "There's a little bookmark at about the middle of the volume. Azzurra has hardly covered the whole thing."
    A" ‘Commentarii de Bello Gallico’ – with commentaries from Sallow Edwards và John Graham."
    "But she did tell me about its content. It's something of a fairy tale, about a tyrant and his cruel invasion that results in thousands upon thousands of people killed. At the end of the day, that tyrant is stabbed to death by his own men in his own castle."
    "“Well that stabbing isn't in this book. Pretty sure there's another much thinner volume that records that,” was what she told me."
    "That's fair enough. I'm not one to take interest in works of fiction thick enough to stop doors. Useless, made-up stories, made by equally useless ne'er-do-wells with a penchant for overly active imagination."
    "“Isn't that a waste of paper?” I would tell Azzurra that much."
    "I'd earn myself a stern look and/or a knock on the shoulder. “Stories are stories!” she'd say indignantly."
    A" A... waste of paper. Am I right, Azzurra?"
    "This time, there is no more stern look, or knock on the shoulder."
    "I stand down, and lean against the shelf with both hands falling to my side."
    "My only company this time is the sound of wind howling against the gap in the window, and some creaking hinges in dire need of some oil."
    "Azzurra is no longer here."
    "Just a few days ago, I was still happy to see Azzurra willing to stay with us. Then came that day, and she's now off to her own family – her own destiny as Hanes had so flowerly put it. Now there's only me – who has failed to keep her."
    "That's not even the worst part: that would be how I have no reason not to accept life without her as a new normal. Before she left, she did bring around her aunt and uncle, and they even spent a while saying farewell to my parents – and thanking me of all people."
    "I didn't look too mature that day, to be sure, still not certain I would accept that life without Azzurra. But today, when the childishness fades and the about-to-come-of-age, I have to admit: They do not look like bad people."
    "Azzurra, too, seems content with her new life: happier, and more lively for want of better words."
    "Azzurra's uncle looks like your typical stern and stoic old man, yet true to his words. Her aunt appears more sociable and quite a bit more of a dandy, but still a likable woman irregardless."
    "Now they are farmers, something of a small landholder even, in a distant village far in the outskirt, about a day's distance from the City by carriage."
    "“An outpost of the Creator and His Court in the wilderness,” they said proudly. “To protect and preserve the Faith before those who would do it harm.”"
    "Appearance might well lie, but their demeanor did allay my greatest fear – although I'm not going to admit that out loud, not in this life."
    "I don't remember so well what we discussed after that – just that there'd been quite a lively exchange."
    "Well, except one thing that Azzurra said."
    "Cảnh: đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng-quá khứ"
    Az" Hey, I'll be back, alright? I'm not going to just leave like the last time, I promise!"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines – Phòng sách"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "Liar."
    "Well, we will meet again, but no earlier than next month. The Sun Festival – her aunt and uncle said she had finally gotten her permission."
    "But then, life just isn't the same without you, Azzurra. Just... isn't the same."
    "I never thought it so until now, but that's a long while without seeing you, or hearing your voice – as if a punishment."
    A" You're a fool, Anatolio. Your wish cannot change reality, no matter how much you want."
    "Fact of the matter, Azzurra is no longer around."
    "I pat on the covers of the books littering on the table, as if they were meticulously made, fluffy plush dolls."
    A" Sad, aren't you?"
    "I ask, and answer myself. With a shake of the head"
    A" No need to be. Azzurra... is happy, isn't she? Happier than I am, at least!"
    "Happy. Azzurra is happy. Isn't that enough?"
    "Says you, Anatolio Pietro. Now be truthful to yourself. Would you not be happier if Azzurra were to be unhappy yet on your side? If you can see her, talk to her, hold her hands, nothing else matters, is that not right?"
    "I shake my head. No. Anatolio Pietro isn't that petty, is he?"
    "But that is your heart's desire, is that not right?"
    A" That's... that is not..."
    "I am no stranger to you. You've never changed, Anatolio. You make a front of being this noble and headstrong spirit, but deep inside you're little better than wet paper. You're afraid. Fearful. You would run away from anything, if you could get away with it."
    A" That's wrong!"
    "Well, then, but this City is so peaceful, no? Nothing to be afraid of. No ghosts or evil spirits. Monsters have been eliminated by the Creator's Court long before you were even born. You're only afraid of that which has no shape and form. You're afraid of being ignoble. Being ignorant and stupid. Being disparaged and looked down upon."
    A" No, no, no! I am..."
    "Oh, well, but you are! And most of all, do you know what you most fear? Loneliness. That's the bane of your heart, and it's troubling you right about now, and that's why you're even here.  "
    "That's why you're rearranging Azzurra's bookcases, one day after another. There's a facade you have to keep up, am I right? That you are needed here, that you have some kind of purposes to fulfill in doing all this, one day to another. Though you and me, we both know, you aren't solving a single blasted thing wasting your time here."
    A" S-shut up! I'm not listening!"
    "Well, dear me, I will, but then I am you as you are me, right? And as you, I want you not to run away and hide behind those memories, and drop that mask of being this noble ser both brave and smart in equal measures. Now go out there, and face the truth. Do what you need to do."
    "The Sun Festival is just around the corner. You're not a little boy no more."
    "Do what you need."
    "At once I feel like smashing my head against the wall. The inner boy within me wishes to throw a final tantrum."
    A" Do what I need to do, eh..."
    "And then my intention gets cut in half. Someone is knocking."
    "That's strange. Everyone's known that Azzurra's no longer staying here, and this house is largely deserted. Am I just hearing things, or...?"
    "Knock, knock, knock, goes the door again."
    "Alright, my ears aren't wrong. Someone is really knocking."
    "What shall I do then?"
    "I rack my brain for half a minute, and then decide I'll stay put. Without anyone answering the call, whoever the visitor is, they'd know they've come to the wrong place."
    "The third time the knocking comes, I thought it was enough to shake the entire street. I make a point to keep my eyes shut and my ears covered."
    "Nobody's here, people, nobody."
    "At long last, the knocking stops, and that is the end of that."
    "***"
    A" Good riddance..."
    "To be sure, I decide not to go downstairs until after a while. I stay absolutely still: no more clearing, no more pacing, no more making any noise louder than muffled breathing. Let's not give the visitor any clue..."
    "My hand flicks a few pages of that book, Commentarii de Bello Gallico, my eyes skimming over whichever line I see."
    "“There are many things you can learn from old books.”"
    "The line hits my eyes with the force of a sledgehammer. As if hypnotized, I stare at the page, part of me wanting to bore right through it."
    "How long have I been sitting there, just looking at those words?"
    "I just know that an era and a half seemed to have passed by the time I stand up and step downstairs."
    "Outside, the visitor has well and truly gone."
    ""
    "I'm just about to take a deep, long breath I deserve when my eyes find an object previously not there before."
    "A tiny envelope, pushed through the gap under the door."
    "A very curious me pick up the envelope..."
    "… and a chill runs down my spine."
    "On one side there is the image of a sun rising beyond what looks like a snow-covered peak."
    A" Au-Aurora?"
    "I turn over the envelope."
    "No, there is no mistake about it. The sign was carefully inked, and has a certain official-looking air about it."
    "I have seen that symbol once. In one of the history books on the strife of the previous decades, that I read through during the past three years."
    "In fact, that history book was one of the only place you can find that symbol these days. Following the war so many decades before, that symbol has been banned by the Church. As in, just drawing that sign is an offense punishable by imprisonment."
    "And that symbol is now resting right here, in my hand."
    "I am shuddering and trembling all over."
    "What is this supposed to mean?"
    "Did someone intend to frame me up or something? I've done no wrong to anyone!"
    "No, no, calm down, Anatolio. You're too young to get tangled in this matter."
    "I'm going to protect myself! I'll turn this over to Father Fredo – he'd know what to do, right? Of course he would! The Church authority might even reward me for my honesty and conviction to do the right thing!"
    "But then, curiosity has that propensity to murder kittens."
    "I look at the envelope again, finding it harder and harder to tear my eyes from it with every passing second."
    A" I'll reseal it... I'll reseal it... I'll reseal it..."
    "My heart skips a beat as I remove the seal."
    "Inside, there is just one piece of paper written with a terse, soulless print writing."
    "“Azzurra. Business. At ten. Lake. Alone.”"
    A" A-Azzurra?"
    "I gasp, gulp and inhale quickly. All of that doesn't quite calm me down just yet, but it goes a long way."
    "No, I must not be hasty. I must consider everything. Everything."
    "Again I stare at the tiny piece of paper."
    "Fact one: This isn't Azzurra's writing. So this most likely isn't Azzurra's doing. There's a possibility that whatever is going on is an enormous prank or a frame-up. Something Elena can cook up, no doubt?"
    "No, Elena is enormously capable of doing far more insidious thing to me if she likes. Things that are also infinitely safer to herself and hers. Things that do not involve impersonating the resident Faction of Evil."
    "What about Hanes? Not a chance. He is a member of the clergy now, and understands all too well Aurora isn't something to be trifled with or joked about. Church rules are stricter to their own members than the public, for good reason."
    "Besides, I understand Hanes all too well. So pious and easily frightened, anything Aurora-related is probably anathema to him – or at least to what he has lately become."
    "That, and I don't think I've made an enemy so bitter they'd have to set me up with such an elaborate scheme."
    "That leaves me one possibility."
    "I hold my breath."
    "It might actually be the real thing. Which begs the question: What do they want with me? Or Azzurra, for that matter?"
    "I swallow hard."
    "This is very probably a letter of appointment."
    "If it is the real thing, that means some Aurora people, whoever they are, wish to see me tonight at the lake to discuss something involving Azzurra."
    "What can I do?"
    "I can do what they say... and suffer terrible consequences if this is a trap or a set-up."
    "I can see Hanes and give it to him. He'd be overjoyed to have that opportunity to prove himself useful to his superiors."
    "I can see Father Fredo himself, and trust in his wisdom and experience dealing with these people."
    "Or I can give it over to my parents and have the ultimate faith in the infallibility of those who gave birth to me."
    "The last option is silly. Knowing my parents the only thing they'd do is to give it over to Father Fredo, in which case I'd do better just hand the thing in myself."
    "So, what do I do now?"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 9:"
    "1.	Do what the letter says."
    "2.	Hand it to Hanes."
    "3.	Hand it to Father Fredo."
    "Choice 9 =2,3"
    "You shall not do it."
    "Hardly has the thought formed in my head than that voice rings out."
    "I can't tell if that voice belongs to my alter-ego or someone else."
    "Whatever it is, that voice is not alone: I have a very, very bad feeling about this course of action."
    "Very well."
    "To the lake it is."
    "Choice 9 =1"
    "Cảnh: Bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    "I have been asking myself “Anatolio, you fool, what are you even doing?” all the way to the lake."
    "I'm not... quite calm right now. True, if I were calmer, more rational, I would have realized this is as bad a choice as every other option I have. If not much, much worse."
    "If these people (assuming they really are Aurora people) do not mean well, I'd be... well, not quite dead, I tell myself. Just a bit unprepared, that's all. Unprepared is bad, but not that bad, right, right?"
    "Worse still would be if someone I know (and I'm sure that number is far too large for comfort) sees me discussing whatever matter with suspicious people... well, let's not dwell on what the Church would have done to the likes of me then!"
    "Why am I even so brave again?"
    "Is it because of Azzurra?"
    "Or because of that curiosity innate to an arrogant fellow who eats, drinks and breathes the notion that he can handle everything life throws his way?"
    "Or perhaps both?"
    "In any case, now I'm standing right there, in front of the lake."
    "My right hand brandishes a gnarly-looking branch freshly snagged from an old tree nearby. I'd loathe to be unarmed if bad comes to worse."
    "The lake's great bank is as peaceful as it normally is. The sky is clear and cloudless. Up there, a million stars sparkle before my eyes, so real and so close yet so far – as if you'd only need to reach out, and there they'd be."
    "I clutch my chest with my free hand, and then sit down on the grass."
    A" Let it be, Anatolio. Let it be. Everything will be fine..."
    "It's hard to persuade myself when my chest is thumping like a thousand drums. As if just one tiny sound, just one, would be enough to make my breast explode."
    "So I wait."
    "Five minutes."
    "Ten."
    "Fifteen. Twenty minutes. Half an hour."
    "My patience trickles away with every passing second."
    A" Did they stand me up?"
    "The feeling of being tricked passes down to my club hand. Where there was once anxiety, now there is disappointment. Let's put it like this: An appointment with the likes of Aurora is still something so new and alien and exciting to good old me, more than anything else I can reasonably get in life.  "
    "And then there is the matter with Azzurra, too."
    "Ever since this afternoon I've been trying to make heads or tails out of the mere notion that Azzurra might have something to do with these people."
    "The most logical explanation is that Azzurra and her complicated life has drawn unwanted attention. Naturally, someone who caused a large chunk of the city to go ballistic in just a simple action, well, she'd be extraordinary, even though she has no desire for it."
    "And someone extraordinary, I think with a shudder, will be pulled into the affairs of grown-ups – and not just any grown-up, but the powerful."
    "But what about me? Why me? Why Anatolio Pietro, the son of a caravaneer forced into retirement because of his health and a housewife all too normal in this City? What have I got to my name other than “Azzurra's friend”?	So it's Azzurra at the end of the day."
    "Of course, if these people choose not to show up, there's absolutely nothing I can do about all that."
    "I shake my head and sigh again."
    "And then I hear something... a sound I've never heard before."
    "I look around, and into the lake. The sound repeats itself again, and I can swear I see the water's surface moving just a little. Or rather, something underneath the surface."
    "And then it stops – as suddenly as it started."
    "I clutch the stick in my hand as if my life depends on it, and step closer to the edge."
    "No, the water is absolutely still now. Am I dreaming?"
    "Again I sit down... and again the noise begins again. Like someone was swimming and purposefully raising as much noise as they could, and stopping the moment I stand up."
    "And again, and again, and again."
    "What in the name of the Creator is happening here?"
    "Okay, Anatolio, you have to calm down. Calm down!"
    "What are the possibilities?"
    "Either someone is playing a prank on me..."
    "Or..."
    "A ghost. Or demon. Or evil spirit. Something that can snap my neck like a twig before I can scream “HELP!”"
    "Either case... would it not be wise that I make myself scarce, as soon as humanly possible? In fact, that's what I'll do, right about now!"
    "And then just as my back was turned to the lake..."
    C0" Anatolio. Anatolio Pietro, am I correct?"
    "My hair stands on end."
    "Brain says “Run!”. Legs say “No can do!”. And my heart, my curious-to-a-fault heart, that has been overly excited all this while? “Stop right there”, it says."
    "I end up following the call of my heart. Perhaps that's why I am a fool."
    A" W... who goes there?"
    "I hear no answer... yet. In the meantime, my ears register the sound of water parting and someone... something emerging from the bowels of the great lake."
    "Slowly, slowly, slowly, I turn around. My grasp around the stick hardens."
    "And then my jaw drop. What... is that thing I'm seeing?"
    "Appearing before my eyes is an alien object. In the dead of night it is hard to describe the blasted thing in great detail. I can only tell it's a spherical thing, the size of a nobleman's carriage and infinitely more... fortified?"
    "And it is floating up from under the surface."
    "Then it drifts to the bank, slowly and calmly as though having all the time in the world."
    "Then it makes landfall. A portion of the sphere splits open, like a miniature sort of a drawbridge, and falls on the ground with a dull thump."
    "From deep within, something – no, someone – appears. Definitely a someone, I conclude after a second look. They have a head, a body and all four limbs..."
    "That someone nods at my general direction, then takes his very leisurely steps towards me, hands behind his back."
    A" W-who are you? What- what do you want?"
    C0" First order of business; you'd best calm down, young man."
    A" S-stop right there! I tell you!"
    "He... does exactly what I said?"
    C0" If you'd like."
    C0" Though I'd rather you dispense with the big stick. I thought tonight is meant to be a time for a serious discussion, not a brawl."
    "I look at my stick, and then back at the stranger under the moonlight."
    "Even in that light, I'm not sure if I caught any detail out of the ordinary in that man. And I'm sure he's a man (if he is human, which I guess he sort of is), because of his square jaw with a rather rough-looking beard."
    "Sure, he's half a head taller than I am, and wears that merchantly bowler hat – fur coat combo that Dad's friends all have in their wardrobe one or a dozen."
    "He looks much like my father in age and demeanor: the moonlight reveals a halfway greying mass of hair and a collection of wrinkles on his forehead, just above his big bushy brows."
    C0" Well? What are you waiting for, my good lad?"
    A" Y-you won't hurt me, will you?"
    C0" Do you think you'd still be around if I wished to do you harm? We are Aurora, young man. The light in the darkness, and in essence a bit of both."
    "The stick falls off my hand as if in its own accord."
    A" Y-you mean... you are Aurora? The real deal?"
    "I'm not sure if I've just become more or less calm."
    C0" Paul Attenborough, at your service. Know that today I represent the Organization before you, that's all that matters."
    A" Attenborough? Your name is... rather..."
    "Paul: Uncommon is the word. 'Tis the only thing keeping the likes of me linked to a time long past. Long history, great glory, that sort of things they don't like to teach these days."
    "Paul: Well, but I suppose we aren't meeting today to discuss the etymological roots of the name of my sire, no?"
    A" I... suppose so...  "
    "Another deep breath, another look to the right, and then to the left. We're alone. Good."
    "Paul: That's a bit unnecessary. I've already taken care of the observation part for you. If any of them Church people are around in a one-mile radius, I would not have made landfall."
    A" H-how would you even know about that?"
    "Paul: Because in the world there exists this wonderful thing called a submarine, and on that thing there's an even more wonderful thing called a periscope."
    "The man tosses a prideful look at the machine – because that's what the spherical thing turns out to be – still beaching majestically at the bank."
    A" Sub-submarine? So this is..."
    "I'm quite sure I've seen either a sketch or a rough blueprint of something to that effect in Mr. Ines' old notes. It doesn't even come close to ghosting the real deal."
    "Paul: Actually an insignificant achievement among the many things we've done. Compared to those other things that Aurora has got made over the last decade or two, this machine falls into the “flashy toy for novelty's sake” niche rather than anything noteworthy."
    A" Is... is that true? But I've heard..."
    "Paul: Heard that we're apostates, thugs, charlatans and outlaws who don't care about such a thing as the Creator, His Court, and therefore devoid of all morality. Giving up the Creator's infinite mercy, searching for a world that doesn't exist. That what you mean?"
    A" I, well, I wouldn't actually go that far."
    "Hanes would, knowing him, but not me. I don't have the sort of objective data I would like to have before passing judgement on such an alien thing as Aurora. And most of all, it is hardly like me to commit too much brainpower to studying the relics of a past that doesn't quite concern me."
    "Except, well, that relic is right here, in front of me, and still going rather strong at that."
    "Paul: Well, but to an extent – from a certain point of view – the Church would have been right, labeling us so."
    A" I beg your pardon? I'm not sure I get it – then what is Aurora?"
    "Paul: Lots of things. But I'll tell you what we are not, because that is relevant to why you and I are even meeting here in the first place."
    "Paul: We're not an united, structured regimens like the Church. We're a conglomeration of free people. We are independent in our thoughts and deeds, in our beliefs and preferences, and only in a very broad ideology do we find a common standpoint."
    "Paul: That common point? We're all in this together, to find 'the shape of the world'. You've certainly heard of the controversy, as well-read as you are."
    A" I think, yes? The Church... no, my father said that you believe there is a world beyond the world we live. A world beyond the horizon, if such a thing exists?"
    "Paul: Calling it “belief” or “faith” would be denying what we do the credit it deserves. You see, “Faith” is by definition blind. Believing something is true simply because, rather than backed by undeniable facts and evidences. That's what the Church does."
    "Paul: But the nature of the world is much different. We have grounds to doubt that the world we live in today is all that there is. Suffice to say, our world according to us used to be part of a greater over-world... or even still is."
    A" H-how so?"
    "Paul: Think about it. Everything in this wide universe – every object, every event, every life... exist in a process rather than in a vacuum. Everything has its due process and history – how it came to be, and how it has become like we know it."
    "Paul: Picture this: Anatolio Pietro is not born twenty. He's been through twenty years: an infant first, then a toddler, then a curious schoolboy, an overly active teenager... and finally the fine young man as he stands before me today. Everything that is has a beginning and a process."
    "That makes sense. Though I have to admit: If I had been born a twenty-year-old man like I am today, that would have saved us all a lot of trouble."
    "Paul: And yet... our world doesn't have the kind of history it should have. We only know of our history dating back to three hundred years ago. Whatever happened before that, and how the world came to be at that three-hundred-years-ago threshold... nobody knows."
    "Paul: How did it form? How did the animal and plant kingdoms came to be? How did the world's geological features came to be? And the climate, did it stay the same or did it change? And our society, too! How did the City come to be? What factor dictated its course? Who are those people, if any, who shaped it before history was recorded? Nobody knows, nobody can answer."
    "Paul: You don't even need to be well-read to pose those “whys” and “hows”."
    A" And you want to answer those questions?"
    "Paul: That's indeed the thread that binds us."
    A" But... if it makes so much sense as you've just told me... why doesn't anyone buy it?"
    "Paul: Not a lot rather than nobody, mind you. At any rate, the reason is because... The official Church stance is what we like to call  'Argumentum ad ignorantiam'. Argument in Ignorance. We are right because nobody has proven we're wrong. Hardly sensible... or scientific."
    "Paul: And yet to the vast majority of the uneducated mass, the crutch that ignorance and religion provide is a pretty good one. You don't need to do. The Creator knows all, and decides everything in the best way there is. All you need to do is to follow the scriptures, and that's all that matters."
    "Paul: For a while now, we've been keeping an eye on people in the City who'd perhaps like to ask these questions unbidden. That means you, Anatolio. A smart boy with a love for observation. You understand what I mean."
    A" I... well, I'm flattered, but I'm not exactly a career scholar. I read because it's fun, that's all. And of late, I think Azzurra might actually be reading more than I do-"
    "Paul's hands clap."
    "Paul: Azzurra. Azzurra Ines. That's it."
    "Paul: Pardon my rambling – a bad habit of an old bookworm. Really hard to kill. Yes, indeed, today I want to talk to you about Azzurra, that's why we're here."
    A" D-do you know something about Azzurra? Her family?"
    "Paul: Would you mind if I asked you first? What do you know about Azzurra? About her state of affairs?"
    A" Are Azzurra's 'family'... impostors?"
    "Paul: Intriguing. Why would you think that?"
    A" Because... well, because that's what I think. That's all."
    "Paul: Ah, and again “Faith” proves its might. You had no solid proof, no evidence, no basis whatsoever. Only a blind faith in the correctness of your instinct."
    "Paul: Sadly, though, this time around your faith is in the right place. Those two people claiming to be Azzurra's family? Anything but that."
    A" How do you know this?"
    "Paul: Because I know them."
    "Paul: Hildegarde von Schellendorf, Ernest von Kirchoff. Some of my closest aides, and I am deeply upset that it has come to this."
    A" But why? Why did they have to resort to..."
    "Paul: As an organization Aurora's patience has been running dry. It's been many years, you see, and our people have been alternating between fighting for their own survival in a world that hates them, and finding out this ever elusive truth."
    "Paul: Hildegarde and Ernest are just two among quite a few who want to see it end by any means necessary. And I can't say I am not sympathetic."
    A" But... how does this concern Azzurra at all?"
    "Paul: Because Azzurra is... no, we think she may be the key that will answer our questions, for us and for the Church alike."
    "Paul: I'm not sure how much stock the Church puts in a “chaosspawn” like they've labeled her. I do know that Hildegarde and Ernest and their group have this rather strong belief that Azzurra might actually have within her the key to the world outside ours. Even literally so."
    "Paul: Again, a matter of “Faith”, Unreasonable, unbridled faith."
    A" If that is indeed the case... why are you even telling me this? Aren't you Aurora yourself?"
    "Paul: Think for yourself. If you were us, what would you do after we find out that precious, naked truth about what our world is?"
    A" What... exactly do you mean?"
    "Paul: What I mean is, we are scientist, and we worship the precious truth as our god – at least, that's what it appears."
    "Paul: But if we are to throw conscience to the four winds just for a chance at that truth. Would it be worth it? What would that make us?  "
    "Mr. Attenborough gives me a pause – for me to think. This time, my brain works well enough."
    A" I agree... sir. I don't know about that truth, or whether it's really all that it's made out to be."
    A" I do know that I'm not just going to take it if someone tries to do harm to Azzurra on my watch!"
    "Paul: Good! That's what I want of you. That's why I sought you out."
    A" Because... you can't intervene?"
    "Paul: Smart man. Yes, that's it. Principles do not allow me to stand in their way myself, because from the Organization's perspective my... friends have done nothing wrong. And a few other matters, which I must beg you not to mind."
    "Paul: But you... well, you're an outsider. And if an outsider can break whatever my friends are planning, discreetly... this episode shall be over and nobody needs to be hurt."
    A" What if I... uh, fail?"
    "Paul: Then you can figure that out yourself. Hildegarde and Ernest did not go all that length to acquire Azzurra as a foster niece."
    "Paul: So, what say you?"
    "What say I? What say I? Can there be any answer other than..."
    A" I'll do it. Please tell me what I need to do!"
    "I try not to show any sort of fear. Yet my hands are still clenched into fists; my back is drenched in cold sweat."
    "Paul: I need you to help me find a couple of things in my friends' place. Of course, if you can get away with bringing Azzurra with you, that'd be even better."
    "Then he steps closer to me, and hands me a thick-looking envelope. This one is devoid of any Aurora symbol."
    "Paul: All you need to know is in here. Follow your instruction, and all shall be well."
    "Paul: Well, it's been a pleasure, and now I have to go. Doubtlessly we'll see each other again after your success."
    "Then he turns his back to me, and begins pacing towards his 'submarine' again."
    A" W-wait! Mr. Attenborough!"
    A" Why would you entrust me with all this? What if I... well, what if I decide to give this over to Father Fredo?"
    "Paul: I bet everything I have, that Anatolio Pietro's arrogance will prevent you from doing just that."
    "Paul: Besides, it would do neither of you any favor to get the Church involved. And I can't be hurt by any treachery on your part worse than I have already been. You're dealing with a man long wanted, to whom the Creator's 'mercy' might as well not exist."
    "Paul: And then..."
    A" And then?"
    "Paul: Hildegarde and Ernest got proper Church-sanctioned paper to assume guardianship of Azzurra. How do you think this happened?"
    "Paul: You're a smart man. Think for yourself."
    A" ….."
    "Paul: And please do can it with the grimacing. Hardly becoming of a scholar, I say!"
    "Mr. Attenborough steps on his vessel. His parting words, as were everything else about him this night, fills me with a vague kind of dread."
    "Paul: Oh, and never you mind how I know everything I need to know about you. Never you mind, too, of what has become of those things you planted into the river some years ago. We have sources, that's all you need to know."
    "Paul: But as a group we highly value your original ideas. All you need to do is to be more thoughtful and less overly proud..."
    "Then the drawbridge mechanism folds back again, the enigmatic benefactor vanishing behind it. The vessel leaves the bank, and disappears into the lake as it has appeared."
    "The lake returns to its usual peace."
    "And I? I have an envelope that heralds the end of my own peace."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Pietro (Phòng Anatolio)"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    "I've been flipping over the envelope for a while now."
    "Within it, there are a few things: A map, three gold coins and a bronze key, all wrapped within a single note."
    "	<DOCUMENT RECEIVED>"
    "How long have I been sitting there like a log, or pacing about my room to the hundredth time after reading those lines?"
    "My emotions are a real mess. I don't think I've ever been more afraid."
    "It isn't because of Mr. Attenborough's 'affluence' or power. It is what the whole gamut of those fancy things he presented before my eyes – probably on purpose – is supposed to evoke."
    "Never I mind? For real! They've been watching me, and even broke one of my plans! And now they're intervening in our lives, too."
    "That's right. My life, Azzurra's life, her identity is not even half of the cause of our problems."
    "We're being played like fiddles – puppets on a stage of these people's making. And by 'these people', I mean both Aurora and the Church. I am like a pawn in a game I hardly understand, much less try to turn the table."
    "Of course, it is one thing being worried, and another to actually act."
    "I don't put all that much stock in Mr. Attenborough's words, and I don't think anything Aurora related is completely trustworthy."
    "But then, what if he is completely honest to me? What about that then? That means Azzurra is in more danger than she has ever been before!"
    "Do I have a choice any more then?"
    "And then there is a part of me, that childish excitable part, that apparently thinks taking part in what seems to be a scene from a detective fiction to be an incredibly delightful thing."
    "Ultimately, I pocket the three coins. That's more than I've ever had in my purse. I shouldn't, in hindsight, have taken so much money from a stranger."
    "But then the other half of me laughs it off. I couldn't have turned it down even if I had a mind to – I didn't know it was there until I opened the envelope."
    "Besides, leaving the City so far alone for what is essentially a spy mission? I need to be very well prepared indeed."
    "I begin poring over the map."
    "The more I look, the more astonished I become. We are indeed living in a world far larger than I thought it was."
    "History and myths over the past few generations have recorded down the land in the West and South in great details, yet the lands in the North between the Vitus and the Lucina, the derelict land, has been pretty much unmapped."
    "Aurora has done this in lieu of anyone else."
    "My fingers trace the map. Every detail, road, every brooks and streams, every mounds and hills, every acre of woodland... all mapped out, all properly connoted. It is almost like Aurora was declaring to the rest of our world, that this is their lands."
    "In my excitement I almost gloss over a cross in the land still technically within Church control. “Schallendorf”, it reads."
    "A chill runs down my spine."
    "Aurora has virtually freed themselves from that existential prison we thought we've got them trapped in. Now they've become something, capable of challenging the rest of us open society."
    "Do I – would I – want to be embroiled into that circle?"
    "No, if I do this, I will be part of that strife, whether I want to or not."
    A" Azzurra..."
    "Yes, that's what I have to think. I'm not doing this for myself. I do this for Azzurra (though, to be fair, three gold coins is enough to live a reasonably high life for a few weeks)."
    A" Time to be decisive, Anatolio. Right, right... decisive... decisive,,,"
    "My muttering continues until the early morning."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Five days before the Sun Festival. I still need a proper, detailed plan."
    "That does not mean I have not begun the brainstorming over the last two."
    "I told my parents I'll be going to the lake to draw for the whole day. “Live a life as a child while I still technically can,” I said, and that seems fair enough. Apparently, my parents think the same."
    "But then comes the problem of how I am supposed to come to that house and back. Five to six hours on foot, that's the road, and I don't think I can cover ten hours of solid walking in a day."
    "If I have a horse or hitch a hike on a kind someone's carriage, I can cut it down to two to three hours. But then, imagine Anatolio the bookworm suddenly leaving the City just less than a week before the Festival."
    "Yeah, that's going to raise all kinds of red flags all right."
    "That's not to mention if any problem arises on the road, I would be a sitting duck. All of these issues, I've come up with no good solution throughout the past two days."
    "And then I come across my nemesis – I mean, my salvation."
    "You know who she is. A sassy noblewoman with hair like a stream of gold and a signature red dress."
    "Elena. Elena is back as she used to, before the incident three years ago. Since the bridges reopened, she's been frequenting our part way more often."
    "Normally I'd make up my mind very quickly. Run, or go talk to her, depending on (i) who she has with her, (ii) her expression and demeanor, and (iii) where exactly we are."
    "Today I just don't have the mental capacity to think all that through."
    "After all, she did give me one favor after another."
    "Should I ignore her this time? Or not? Decisions, decisions..."
    "Of course, our eyes has met before I actually make that decision."
    "Elena's eyes blink. And I am a man petrified."
    "Anatolio Pietro, you are busted."
    "Elena strides towards me, and gives a signature, impeccable curtsy."
    E" Good afternoon, Ana~"
    "Elena narrows her eyes mischievously, and I spontaneously breaks down in sweat."
    A" E-Elena. Didn't think you'd come to this... not-rich parts."
    "Very eloquent, Anatolio. Just very eloquent."
    E" Ana speaks strangely, doesn't he? Didn't Elena come here often back in the days? And Ana? It isn't like Ana to go shopping alone, is it?"
    "Elena stares at me, as if drilling into my eyes."
    A" I..."
    E" Is Ana all right? Ana must have caught a cold, has he?"
    "I stand still. Like a statue. Like a really awkward statue."
    A" N-no, I'm fi-"
    E" Ana does not need to hide. Elena understands Ana, doesn't she?"
    "And I'm dead. Has there ever been any one instance when I've got a secret to hide that Elena didn't figure out?"
    "But she can't do that now. Not this time. I must not let her!"
    "I must think of something, anything, and fast!"
    "I scratch my head."
    A" R-right. Here's the deal—"
    "A figurative flash of lightning courses through my brain. Why didn't I think of this earlier?"
    "I forge the most sorrowful face I can craft."
    A" -I'm just in a bit of a vise. Bit of misfortune. Would you mind if we talk a bit later?"
    "I inject a bit of my signature arrogant 'don't-pity-me' into the statement for good measure."
    "Did I manage to trick her? Or not?"
    "Now Elena's first reaction is a characteristic “Elena knows it” smile. That's just what she does – reveling in her understanding of other people's mind."
    "But then her face sinks a little."
    E" Elena thought so. But Ana needs not worry. Ana is Elena's friend, is he not?"
    "Her voice lowers, and my anxiousness rises."
    E" More than friend, right, Ana? So Ana will let Elena know what the misfortune is, won't he?"
    "Normally I'd flush red, or jump, or both. Today I'm too busy making a suitable answer."
    "What would that 'suitable answer' be, hmm?"
    "Choice 10:"
    "1.	“It concerns Azzurra...”"
    "2.	“I want to go to the outskirt!”"
    "3.	“It's the Sun Festival...”"
    "***"
    "Choice 10 = 1"
    "I draw an overly dramatic breath."
    "Shall I test my luck? Elena is, after all, a good woman. Sassy and bit of an unconventional sense of humor, but good. She will understand... right? Right? As long as I don't give too much away..."
    A" Azzurra's business. You see..."
    "Elena freezes in her track. It takes her but a second to regain her footing, but I understand the implication all too well."
    E" Elena... sees. Ana misses Azzurra."
    A" Well, you see-"
    E" Would Ana allow Elena a question? If Elena is to vanish from Ana's life like Azzurra does... would Ana miss Elena that much?"
    A" Of course!"
    "Again Elena freezes. No, not just her, but me too. That was spoken without a thought, without the least preparation, calculation or word-mincing. That's what I truly feel."
    E" Ana... speaks true, right?"
    "Elena looks at me, a silent declaration of “If Ana lies, Elena will know”. I exhale loudly: right, I'm not lying. I have no reason to fear, not a one!"
    A" If you are to vanish from my side one of those days, Elena, well, I will go find you. If that happens, and if Azzurra is around, she'd be sad, too, and she'd go find you with me. Don't you think the same, Elena?"
    "Elena's lips quiver. I don't think I remember the last time I forced Elena into a situation she had not expected like this. This might even be the first time such a thing has happened. Suddenly Elena looks that much more vulnerable than she normally does..."
    E" Elena... Elena... Elena wants to disbelieve it... because it doesn't make so much sense... Yet Elena can't help but believe Ana..."
    "Show of hands, Anatolio. Show of hands."
    A" The truth is... I want to go to the outskirts. See Azzurra's uncle and aunt. See how she's doing out there. If anyone's bullying her, that kind of thing. And let her know we aren't going to forget her just because she isn't around any more!"
    E" That's a whole day on foot. Has Ana made preparations?"
    A" Not yet, but there's a will, hence there's a way, right?"
    "I look at Elena in the eyes. Now it is her turn to take one step back."
    E" Int-Interesting thought, gentleman!"
    "Elena purses her lips."
    A" Just what I should do. You agree, don't you, Elena?"
    "And then, just then, another crazy flash of creativeness strikes me. I step towards Elena."
    A" Would you like to go with me?"
    "For a while Elena just stays silent – her hands curl, her brows tremble."
    E" When does Ana intend to go?"
    A" Early in the morning, the day after tomorrow."
    E" Then Elena will go with Ana. Wait a second, Elena can actually do one better!"
    "She turns around, and smiles at her two officers."
    E" Would Elena's gentle-servants help her on arrange for a carriage to the outskirts early the day after tomorrow? Some good men with discretion would be good, too!"
    "Guards: Your will be done, ma'am!"
    "Elena's decisiveness never fails to amaze and/or frighten me so."
    A" Wait, what? Would that even... you know, work out?"
    "Imagine this: A carriage bearing the emblem of House De'Rovere in all its glory, appearing in a place less traveled where it doesn't belong. Knowing what I'm actually going to be there for, this seems a bit..."
    "Imagine this too: Everyone was so quick to accept the closure of the bridge three years ago as the 'new normal'. Not many people bothered to cross it unless on important business these days when they reopen it again."
    "The nobility, as it turns out, were not missed here, or outside the City."
    "Elena, too, is part of that world that doesn't belong. Though our side of the bridge never dares to greet her with the same kind of hostility Azzurra got from the other side, she must certainly feel the eyes on her, too."
    "And now this? Either she doesn't know who or where she is, or..."
    E" Why would it not? Aren't we—"
    "Elena turns around."
    E" Isn't Azzurra Elena's friend, too?"
    "And so, just in a blink of an eye, Elena the nemesis of mine has completely turned into my redeemer. Just so simply."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đường phố"
    "Thời gian: Sáng sớm"
    "Breathe in. Breathe out. Relax. Good."
    "My hands are deep inside my pocket as I walk along the market lane."
    "The sun has not even risen. Some of the grocers have, though not that many, and much of the street is still in a deep sleep."
    "I look up at the window sills, lamp-posts and the several archways along the street."
    "Decorations bearing the likeness of the sun has started to be fixed in place. That once-every-ten-years festival is starting to take center stage..."
    "A large banner has been hung in the pole at the middle of the piazza: you can see the symbol of a golden sun dispensing hundreds of golden rays there."
    "Our meeting place is under that great banner. Elena said she would come take me after dawn. I'm not sure if she can find it within her to keep to the plan, though. The first time we had an appointment of sort, if I remember correctly, the only reason she was technically on time was that I was late myself."
    "I rub my hands together. This year, somehow early summer still retains part of the chill of late spring. That, or maybe I'm just nervous."
    "Now I've been waiting here for five, ten, no, fifteen minutes now, when I see that familiar shade of gold and crimson again. Elena's appearance made it worth the wait."
    "There she sits, rather comfortably, too, on a wagon I never thought Elena would never even think about coming close, much less ride."
    "That's no ebony carriage with velvet curtains and down-feathered pillows, nor an elegant two-man litter so fashionable among the nobility."
    "No, I'm looking at a genuine, honest-to-Creator cargo wagon, pulled by two healthy draft stallions. I can't help but widen my eyes: Elena, what weirdness is on your mind this time?"
    "Elena's “Scheme”, I realize, involves three of her guards wearing civilian clothes. Yet each of them bears on their side a solid longsword and slings across their back a sturdy round buckler."
    "So, in a sense... it's what people can call a war chariot."
    "As our eyes meet, Elena jumps off from the wagon. I look at her again: Elena today wears a pair of breeches and a tunic-gambeson thing. She can't be more different than the elegant Elena of every other day."
    E" Ser Elena de Rovere and the Knights of the Smiling Flower, present and at your service!"
    "She raises her hand for a military-esque salute. “Esque” being the keyword: it would take several lifetimes of men before the Elena I know can take after a fraction of her father's militarism."
    A" Elena... c-c-care for an explanation? Or two? Or three?"
    E" Go find Azzurra with Ana? What else did Ana expect?"
    "There is that mischievous smile on Elena's face, as if I were the silly one in this whole thing."
    E" Did Ana think Elena's noble sire would let her go to the outskirts, that land of the Apostates, just alone with Ana?"
    "Oh. Right. How did I forget about that? She is, after all, the scion of the highest echelon of nobility. Taking that into consideration, that much preparation she's got there is actually a little underwhelming."
    A" I... see. B-but “Knights of the Smiling Flower”?"
    E" Sounds good, doesn't it?"
    E" Isn't that just like the olden days, Ana? Ana still remembers, doesn't he?"
    "The Smiling Flower. That's it. Shes' been trying to remind me of those memories from so long ago. So much, I'm starting to feel more than a little guilty."
    A" Elena, I..."
    "Elena looks like she is trying to avoid my gaze. And just like that, she changes the topic."
    E" These are the best men in Elena's household. Should anything happen, they'd protect Ana and Elena with their lives."
    E" Of course, that is a big if. That's not going to happen, right, Ana?"
    "Tiny sweat drops form all over my forehead. Elena, my dear Elena, what kind of demon or spirit are you? What don't you know, again?"
    "And then she stretches her hands towards me. She smiles, like the summer sunshine. There is, apparently, nothing worth worrying about."
    E" Shall we, Ana?"
    A" B-but of course!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It is, all in all, a really quiet journey."
    "Finding the way has been easier than I thought. Even without Mr. Attenborough's map, Azzurra's 'aunt' and 'uncle' did say they live on the edge of the furthest village to the North where the Church still holds sway."
    "There's only one path that-a-way. Not paved, nor meticulously kept, but still rather lacking in bumps and molehills."
    "As for the quiet? Let's say, on one hand, there'd be no one – clergy or beggar, bandits or busybodies, Templars or Aurora people – who'd risk raising a ruckus with a band of well-armed people like ours."
    "On the other, my foremost troublemaker of usual who goes by the name Elena De'Rovere has been oddly quiet so far."
    "Throughout the trip, she sits there, on the wooden bench that is not made with a noblewoman in mind, and said nothing at all. She keeps her left arm propping her chin, and her right neatly folded on her knee. Thinking something."
    "I'm not sure what she is probably looking at. The sky? The earth? Clouds, trees, the river? Or the distant horizon?"
    "What I do know is that I can't recall a time that Elena would appear so serious and focused. Like she's in the middle of a prayer most sacred, and not, say, on a sturdy wagon carrying soldiers."
    "Elena's silence conflicts so much with her nature that I've started to feel anxious. Is she mad at me by any chance?"
    "I wouldn't blame her. Elena hasn't actually taken in stride my “abandoning her” (because Azzurra needs me more). But that doesn't mean I am without blame."
    "There's this fierce struggle within me. In the end, I decide I'll have to do something even more guilty to her again. Azzurra still needs me more."
    A" Been a bother, me, that is, Elena."
    "Elena turns around, looks at me, and smiles."
    E" Elena has mentioned before. Elena simply does what she fancies."
    A" Even so..."
    E" Elena understands. Ana is worried for Elena, right? Well, don't be."
    "Actually, no. I'm more worried for myself for that matter."
    "Elena points to her mercenary-like clothing, and there on her face blooms a smile as sudden as it is mature – so much unlike the 'normal' her."
    E" Elena is not feeble. Elena has made a vow before the Creator and His Court, and she will not back down."
    A" And that is...?"
    "Elena places a finger on her lips."
    E" Never ask a woman what her secrets are. Doesn't Ana agree?"
    E" Oh, and! Since when did Ana become so sentimental and... clingy! Ana can be more confident than that, right?"
    "Elena points to my nose. Then she turns away without another word. Is she avoiding something?"
    "No, it's not that I'm lacking in confidence."
    "Just that Mr. Attenborough's words made me think – there are just so many unknowns in this world of ours. And the unknown and shady has a way of making you more worried and less clear in your conviction."
    "That is the last Elena speaks until we reach our destination. The only sound I hear is the horseshoes clopping against the ground and the grinding wagon wheels. And the occasional clattering of metal."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It has taken us something in the neighborhood of three hours. The last half an hour has been devoted simply to finding Azzurra's place."
    "Now it's a house both easy and hard to find. Easy, as it is in the middle of an open field. It's rather large and neat-looking, with bright red tiles, stout oak windows and doors, and a white-yellow layer paint that has been peeled off here or there."
    "Hard? Because the whole place is hidden from sight of the main road by a curtain of old trees. It has taken our wagon a bumpy ride along a dirt path to get there. My poor behind is still aching."
    "Hardly has the wagon stops when Elena leaps off her seat."
    E" Oh, oh, our Azzurra is living rather well, isn't she?"
    A" Well! I do hope!"
    "I step off the back of the wagon, and fill my lungs with the fresh air of the meadow. The sun shines in my face: Golden, yet not uncomfortable."
    "I would have thought I'm here for a holiday, had Azzurra not been on my mind."
    "And that's exactly what I am to do. What I have to do."
    A" Elena... would you mind doing me another favor?"
    "Elena widens her eyes for but a split second."
    E" Ana doesn't need to ask. Elena is here today, and she will help Ana anything he asks."
    "My jaws clench: Now, how much and to what extent can I count on her, so that I don't accidentally reveal anything and still get the job done?"
    A" Well, then, actually, two favors. One, after I come in there, please don't follow me. If I don't come out after an hour, just leave without me,"
    E" Eh? What is Ana up to?"
    "I shake my head, raise my voice and interrupt her."
    A" And the second is... please, I beg you, don't ask. Until we return to the city, that is, then I'll tell what I can. Do you agree?"
    "It's a suspicious request, sure, but again Elena surprises me. She doesn't cling to me like she does, or demand an explanation. Not even an “Elena shall leave if Ana doesn't tell right now!”"
    "Oh no. She stands right there, and nods quietly."
    E" Elena understands. Ana can rest assured. Elena knows what to do."
    "What am I even supposed to do now, but nod and thank the Creator that everything is as they should be?"
    A" Well, off I go then. Wish me luck and remember what you said!"
    "Then I run towards the house. My hands are tucked in my jacket pocket: There a bronze key awaits along with a crumpled piece of note."
    "(RescueTime = 3)"
    "(Jump SchallendorfHouse)"
    "***"
    "Choice 10 = 2"
    "I make up my mind. I will tell the truth... half of it, at any rate. There are, after all, such a thing as inevitable 'white half truths'. Between compromising Azzurra's safety and a harmless lie, I will have to go with the latter."
    A" Plan's that I'm going for a trip to the outskirt."
    "Elena stops for a brief moment, and then bursts out laughing."
    A" What's so funny, Elena?"
    E" Elena apologizes, but that is just too funny!"
    "I conceal my inner joy, and make an annoyed face."
    A" Very amusing, Elena. Just very amusing."
    "This is, after all, in-character for me. Right, right?"
    E" Of course it is! Ana can go whenever Ana likes! Ana's parents, Elena's sire, and the Church most holy and pious, who would stop Ana?"
    "Oh. Right. I didn't think this through, did I? Quickly, I must make something up, or else!"
    A" Well, uh... actually, I intend to go a bit further than that."
    E" A bit?"
    A" Up North. It's a bit farther than usual."
    "Elena widens her eyes at me."
    E" Ana is not jesting, is he?"
    A" Do I look like I am jesting?"
    "My head, I swear, is spinning, and my forehead is drenched with sweat. That is the first sentence to spring to my addled brain."
    E" But what for? Elena has a right to know, as part of the aristocracy..."
    "Elena looks at me without a blink. She really wants to leave me no wriggling space, eh?"
    A" Ah well."
    "She knows too well I have no effective counter to that."
    "Though I'm not going to give up without a fight, my dear Elena."
    A" I'll tell, sure. On one condition."
    E" Which is?"
    A" Tell nobody about it."
    E".."
    "Elena (Bụm miệng): Hmm."
    "Elena clutches her mouth and looks like she's going to give me the shoulder-bump of a lifetime. She might have actually done that, had we not been on a busy street."
    E" Depends on what Ana says..."
    "Wait a second. What are the odds Elena is thinking I have something embarrassing I want to hide? Hey, that might actually be the break I'm looking for!"
    A" Then just don't laugh at it! Alright?"
    E" Ana shall speak, and Elena... shall judge."
    "Breathe in. Breathe out. In. Out."
    A" I... wish to ride along the Lucina until I can't go any further!"
    A" You know the legends, right? If a young man who haven't come of age would ride along the river, then maybe... Maybe! St. Lucina Herself would apparate and give him a wish..."
    "Just according to plan, Elena bursts out laughing again, even louder than before. I make another annoyed face, and it works."
    "I win this one, my dear Elena."
    A" I told you-"
    E" Mmm. Well, Elena laughs, that she did, but she understands, too."
    A" I don't see any understanding in that!"
    "Elena places her soft hand on my shoulder."
    E" Would Ana accept Elena's apology?"
    A" I... guess. Well, only if you don't tell anyone about it!"
    E" But of course. Elena understands! Elena can even help Ana more than that!"
    "Then she turns around, and gestures at her servants."
    E" Elena would require a good horse from Father's stable for Master Pietro here. Would you provide?"
    "Servants: Your will be done, Ma'am!"
    "Wait, what? What is she planning?"
    A" Elena, you don't have t-"
    E" Oh, and Elena almost forgot. Please do not bring the steed however good to Master Pietro's place. That would be bad!"
    "She turns around, and winks at me."
    E" Indeed it would, wouldn't it? Elena can take a good horse to whichever place Ana specifies. Don't be afraid, Elena does this for Ana!"
    "I scratch my head. Now what am I supposed to do with that offer?"
    A" T-to the lake it is."
    "First thing on my mind. Probably for the best."
    "Elena claps her hands, and the servants bow."
    E" Then it is decided. Do as Master Pietro told you to."
    A" W-wait just a moment there!"
    E" What's the matter, Ana?"
    A" Eh, well... no, I mean... wouldn't that be a bother? A bother, it is! To you, and to me! Y'know..."
    E" Bother? Not at all, Elena thinks. Ana is just being overly anxious."
    A" No, w-what I mean is... it wouldn't be good for you, would it? The bridge's just been reopened, and it's been tense all over, and I don't think it would be good seeing a De'Rovere walk around these parts more than she has to! Am I not right?"
    "Now that's not actually a false argument. Elena is already making an eyesore out of herself in our part of town. She stands out far too much, and at a time none too good."
    E" Oh, that? There's nothing wrong with that. Elena has so many plans and contingencies. And many a good man to carry them out. Elena is not meant to fail."
    "She pats her own chest proudly."
    E" That, and..."
    "Just in a second, just in a second, Elena's expression... changed."
    E" Preparing stuff for someone, well, Elena likes doing that."
    "She turns around, though her smile lingers on in my eyes:"
    E" At any rate, Elena will be following קוֹמֶדִיָה till the last moment..."
    "And so, just in a blink of an eye, Elena the nemesis of mine has completely turned into my redeemer. Just so simply."
    "	Yet her interference makes me even more worried. And why wouldn't I be worried? I've never quite truly understood her, after all those years..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: Sáng sớm"
    "I breathe in a lung full of fresh, cool air."
    "The sun has yet to raise. The air here, fresh and clear, makes me think clearer and soothes my mind."
    "The lake has never stopped being so primal to my eyes, untouched by man. The clutches of city life has never truly reached this part."
    "The lake, you see, doesn't need to know of the Festival, nor does it need the Festival, period. After all, it is an embodiment of the Creator's boundless patience and tolerance – the aspect that, according to Father Fredo, just is and therefore demands no worship."
    "He also said, once, that a child and a man grown will see the lake differently. Perhaps I will understand how, too, after it has ended."
    "And – my hands ball into fists – I will go to the Festival with Azzurra. That's going to happen. That's what I think, pacing about waiting for Elena."
    "Should I doubt Elena's goodwill? Well, on one hand long before Azzurra entered our lives I've known Elena. If I remember correctly."
    "On the other hand, Elena's ill will towards Azzurra (if any) I'd guessed before. I'd Elena's only friend until then, hadn't I?"
    "What are the odds Elena has already seen through my intention, and is planning a gambit of her own?"
    "And then I hear the sound of footsteps and the clopping hooves of a fine horse. The lake's silence, as it happened, has been shattered."
    "Two men appear, wearing tabards bearing the De'Rovere heraldry. They've got a horse behind them, too!"
    "Not a war horse clad in mail chamfron and peytrel, no, but a chestnut pony just fit for my build, already saddled and reined."
    "The first guardsman walks briskly towards me, wipes his forehead, and bows respectfully."
    "Guardsman #1: Messer Pietro, ser! Our apologies for our lateness."
    "Then his comrade steps forth."
    "Guardsman #2: Choosing the right horse according to the Lady's design took longer than we expected, ser! We beg your pardon!"
    "I scratch my head for the nth time in the last few days. What should I say? This is not the kind of respect and deference I expect, much less deserve!"
    A" T-that's plenty enough. Thanks!"
    "The guards say nothing more, but hang around just enough to help me up the saddle. I tremble all the way: I've ridden a horse before, true, but not half as long as the trip I'm supposed to be embarking on! I've never thought I'd have to do something like so before... well, before all this mess."
    "No, this is no time to doubt. I have to do this."
    "Only when I've been firmly seated do the men step aside."
    A" Oh, and one more thing. Where should I return you the ride?"
    "Guardsman #1: We'll be waiting for you here in the afternoon. We ask that you return before dark, because any later and all of us, Her Ladyship included, shall be in trouble..."
    "That chills me to the bones. Something tells me it wouldn't be good to wave this adventure in the Duke's face any time soon..."
    A" Will do, gentlemen. Off I go!"
    "Then I take the horse-whip I was given, and there I go."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It is, all in all, not at all an easy journey."
    "Finding the way has been easier than I thought. Even without Mr. Attenborough's map, Azzurra's 'aunt' and 'uncle' did say they live on the edge of the furthest village to the North where the Church still holds sway."
    "There's only one path that-a-way. Not paved, nor meticulously kept, but still rather lacking in bumps and molehills."
    "I keep my eyes and wits about me. The roads have been safe these days, but banditry is not completely unheard of."
    "Some were committed by your everyday brigands and lowlives. Others, well, they say it's those apostates who did that – because the targets were Church-sanctioned caravans. Officially, anyway."
    "I can't help but silently thank Elena in absentia for the horse. He's what you can call a workhorse: small enough, yet boasting the kind of stamina you'd expect from a mail-clad warhorse carrying armored knights. Enough, at least, to outrun any bandit I may ever encounter."
    "But hey, let's not jinx myself, alright?"
    "On my right and left, there is nothing but an open plain as far as the eyes can see. The further north, the fewer crops and the more sand, pebbles and shrubs."
    "There are thin curtains of woodlands here and there. Scary stuff, to my eyes. There may or may not be bandits, or wild beasts, or both, in hiding..."
    "It is a bit surprising, at the end of the day, that I did not encounter anything life-threatening. Thank the Creator, or my ancestors, or both, for small favors."
    "They don't, and can't, help much with my tiredness and sorrow, though."
    "From then all the way to the destination, I do nothing but follow the map. Bit of a bore, relieved only a bit by the hooves and the wind and the cicadas."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Now the sun has peaked. It must have taken my ride some four to five hours – in part due to getting lost in a thin wood for quite a while. But there Azzurra's new place is, and there I am."
    "Now it's a house both easy and hard to find. Easy, as it is in the middle of an open field. It's rather large and neat-looking, with bright red tiles, stout oak windows and doors, and a white-yellow layer paint that has been peeled off here or there."
    "As my luck (or lack thereof) would have it, the whole place is hidden from sight of the main road by a curtain of old trees. Took me and the poor dear  a bumpy ride along a dirt path to get there. And me, silly me, thought it would be a good idea to look for a shortcut..."
    "It works out about as well as running into a desert without supplies. It's all I could hope for that the horse didn't collapse on me, or stumble on a wild root or something."
    "But now I'm here, and that's all that matters."
    "I quickly dismount, then go about looking for a place to tie the poor dear to. I take a deep breath, and take in as much of the fresh air as I can. The warm sunlight shines on my sweat-drenched face."
    "What a ride. Not sure if I'd be willing to embark on such a journey till the end of my life."
    "But then, as I said: I have work to do. Work I have to get done."
    "Let's get Azzurra out of here, and fast!"
    "Then I run towards the house. My hands are tucked in my jacket pocket: There a bronze key awaits along with a crumpled piece of note."
    "(RescueTime = 2)"
    "(Jump SchallendorfHouse)"
    "***"
    "Choice 10 = 3"
    "I can think of nothing but to lie. I have to lie: Elena doesn't need to know what I need to do... what I will do."
    "I clench my fist. It's not out of selfishness that I'm hiding it from her, but for her own good. Elena doesn't need to know, and outright shouldn't know, much less intervene in the business of Aurora, or between Mr. Attenborough and myself."
    A" So... the Sun Festival is coming."
    "Elena rolls her eyes."
    E" It is! Shouldn't Ana be happy? We are going to be adults!"
    "Elena giggles. “We”, she said, and now she's pointing at her own medal. She's part of it too, I realize. She's going to be an adult, too, and takes that as a source of great joy. Just look at her smile!"
    A" Sure, that's how it should be, right? But... what if something happens?"
    E" Something? What does Ana mean by something?"
    "I scratch my head, and let loose the dog of imagination."
    A" What if something happens that, well, prevents us from attending the festival at all? A cold, an accident... or being kidnapped by chimaeras!"
    "That does not sound very convincing... Elena wouldn't have trouble piercing the falsehood, would she? Though, do I look like I have better options?"
    A" Or if we're actually there, but somehow can't finish the ceremony! Anything can happen, right, Elena? Anything can happen!"
    "Aanatolio: Or, or, or! If we're there, we've done our part, but the Creator and His Court for whatever reason we mortals cannot fathom, suddenly decide we aren't fit to be people! The Creator works in mysterious ways, doesn't he?"
    "I can't believe I can be so eloquent on an issue I've been indifferent to all my life. Perhaps my imagination isn't completely useless after all."
    "Elena, against all odds, is actually listening attentively! Could fit be that I have succeeded?"
    "… and then Elena starts laughing. Her petite right hand raises to her lips, and covers her mouth."
    E" Ana's imagination can be surprising at times, Elena thinks."
    "Now is she complementing or mocking me? How can I ever know? I can only try to make the best of what I have..."
    A" N-not imagination! Aren't these some really, really, really real threats to our existence as people?"
    A" If anything so unfortunate would happen to me, or to Hanes, or even to you, t-that would be abysmal, wouldn't it? And incredibly unfair, too!"
    "Elena's smile vanishes. Her hands fidget the medal on her chest."
    E" Elena doesn't think it would be so bad. Ana is just thinking too hard about it."
    A" Well, what it that happens?"
    E" Well, then we wouldn't be people any more... be wretched and nameless... worse than a shadow..."
    "Elena clenches her fist, and raises her voice."
    E" But so what? Ana has his parents, his family, Azzurra and Hanes! Isn't Father Fredo Ana's good friend, too? They will never, ever abandon Ana, no matter what!"
    "Then Elena's smile returns, but not a happy one. Elena's melancholy is contagious: I find my heart sinking, too."
    E" And Elena... Elena is used to it. Elena's life has been like a dream, Ana. A dream that can be as much euphoric as it is nightmarish."
    E" And what is Elena to do but accept everything to come her way? Is that not true, Ana?"
    "There is so much Elena's smile is keeping hidden behind the facade that my head feels like exploding. My dear Elena, do you need to be such a mystery all the time?"
    "I suddenly feel a terrible pang of guilt. Have I said something I should not? Have I somehow offended her? What am I to say now?"
    A" Oh, well, I'm not entirely serious anyway. Perhaps nothing will happen, y'see?"
    "I put up the most serious and reliable-seeming mask I have in me."
    A" Well, I am worried, sure, but doesn't everyone, the Creator included, want to see our world filled with a fresh, happy and useful young generation? They will do whatever they can to make sure nothing happens, I sure hope?"
    "Elena stares at me. And then her smile again morphs into laughter."
    A" Wait, did I get something wrong? Why are you laughing?"
    E" Because Ana can be so silly, right? That argument? That's Elena's line! Ana doesn't need to try to persuade Elena to believe what she's already believed in!"
    "Butter my behind and call me a biscuit..."
    A" I... I mean..."
    E" Well, what Elena means is that Ana is worrying over absolutely nothing! How about Ana go take a walk with Elena? Some fresh air and walking would do Ana's head a lot of good! Shall we?"
    A" T-that's not necessary, thank you. B-besides, I'm kinda... sorta... preoccupied."
    E" Preoccupied?"
    A" Things to buy, for my parents. For the Festival. Y-you see, family business and all..."
    "Again, not very convincing. Elena still looks me from top to toe. But then, perhaps finally getting bored of tormenting me..."
    E" Well, then. Don't let Elena stop Ana. Elena will see Ana at the Festival then."
    "Elena waves her hand."
    E" Oh, and Ana doesn't need to tremble so much. Elena will keep an eye out for Ana's קוֹמֶדִיָה till the very end..."
    "Is that supposed to be a threat?"
    "I don't know. I do know I've got the break I've asked for, so let's just get out of here and be done with that!"
    "(RescueTime =1)"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "	I, Anatolio Pietro, has been a fool."
    "	This journey has been the hardest in my life."
    "Finding the way has been easier than I thought. Even without Mr. Attenborough's map, Azzurra's 'aunt' and 'uncle' did say they live on the edge of the furthest village to the North where the Church still holds sway."
    "There's only one path that-a-way. Not paved, nor meticulously kept, but still rather lacking in bumps and molehills."
    "I keep my eyes and wits about me. The roads have been safe these days, but banditry is not completely unheard of."
    "Some were committed by your everyday brigands and lowlives. Others, well, they say it's those apostates who did that – because the targets were Church-sanctioned caravans. Officially, anyway."
    "On my right and left, there is nothing but an open plain as far as the eyes can see. The further north, the fewer crops and the more sand, pebbles and shrubs."
    "There are thin curtains of woodlands here and there. Scary stuff, to my eyes. There may or may not be bandits, or wild beasts, or both, in hiding..."
    "In fact, it's amazing I've gotten as far as I have, on foot, defenseless and sweating waterfalls. Thank the Creator, or my ancestors, or both, for small favors."
    "They don't, and can't, help much with my tiredness and sorrow, though."
    "From then all the way to the destination, I do nothing but follow the map. I walk when I can, and break into a short run when I need"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Now the sun has peaked. It must have taken my ride some four to five hours – in part due to getting lost in a thin wood for quite a while. But there Azzurra's new place is, and there I am."
    "Now it's a house both easy and hard to find. Easy, as it is in the middle of an open field. It's rather large and neat-looking, with bright red tiles, stout oak windows and doors, and a white-yellow layer paint that has been peeled off here or there."
    "As my luck (or lack thereof) would have it, the whole place is hidden from sight of the main road by a curtain of old trees. Took me and the poor dear  a bumpy ride along a dirt path to get there. And me, silly me, thought it would be a good idea to look for a shortcut..."
    "It works out about as well as running into a desert without supplies. It's all I could hope for that the horse didn't collapse on me, or stumble on a wild root or something."
    "But now I'm here, and that's all that matters: I have work to do. Work I have to get done."
    "Let's get Azzurra out of here, and fast!"
    "Then I run towards the house. My hands are tucked in my jacket pocket: There a bronze key awaits along with a crumpled piece of note."
    "	(Jump SchallendorfHouse)"
    "***"
    "(Label: SchallendorfHouse)"
    "Cảnh: trong nhà tầng 1"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Clank."
    "SCREECH."
    "The backdoor creaks open. The sound is just like nail on chalkboard. My head feels like imploding."
    "Better keep that thing open. I'm not going to be here for that long, anyway. Besides, I don't think I'm so willing to hear that noise more than I absolutely have to."
    "So I weave myself into the corridor. I pull out the note in my pocket: There's the basic layout of the house."
    "Just like from the outside, the house looks rather simplistic, yet clean. The windows are closed, but sunlight can still find its way in."
    "Now it's not a mansion by any stretch of imagination. There's a living room on the ground floor, plus a kitchen and two small storerooms on the same side of a corridor. A library and two bedrooms on the first floor. Just your average country house."
    "I have two missions: Find Azzurra and the paper Mr. Attenborough asked for. There's this feeling that these paper might actually have more to do with Azzurra's fate than I should like to think, but I'm not sure actually finding them is more important than finding Azzurra first."
    "Not a lot of time here. What shall I do?"
    "Choice 12:"
    "1.	Look for Azzurra."
    "2.	Look for the safe."
    "3.	Search the whole place inside out!"
    "Choice 12 = 1:"
    "//Azzurra.Point+=1"
    "Of COURSE I must find Azzurra first thing first! I can be too silly at times!"
    "So I start my search right away."
    "I run along the corridor, between the storeroom and the living room."
    A" AZZURRA!"
    "Nobody heard me? That's odd."
    "I run up the stairway, and into the two bedrooms one after the other."
    A" AZZURRA!"
    "Nobody, and no answer. Back to the ground floor."
    A" AZZURRA!"
    "Complete silence. My patience begins to drain."
    A" AZZURRA! I KNOW YOU'RE THERE! ANSWER ME!"
    "My legs carry me to a corner of the corridor. There, the sun doesn't shine – and yet a patch seems much, much more discolored than the rest..."
    "Wait..."
    A" AZZURRA! YOU'RE THERE, RIGHT? A-ANSWER ME! PLEASE!"
    "I slam my fist against the discolored wall. It doesn't move. I don't think I can even hear anything from inside."
    "But then my instinct tells me for certain Azzurra is there. There is no other logical explanation, right, right?"
    "I calm myself down – with some effort."
    "Alright. So assuming a secret door... there must be a way in, right?"
    "That has to be it, Anatolio, you sly dog, but where? Work your brain, now! Anything that stands out around here? Candlestick? Bookcase? Or even an oddly-placed chair? Anything!"
    "Or is this a rotating door? I try putting my weight against one edge of the patch, then the other."
    "Good guess... except not at all."
    "My face must have turned bright red as sweat streams down my cheek. Who the heck would design a such a senseless secret door like this?"
    C0" Anatolio. I know you'll come."
    "I stop dead in my track. Could it be... Azzurra!"
    "I quickly press my ear against the wall."
    A" Azzurra! I-is that you?"
    Az" Silly Ana, who else can it be but me?"
    "Eh? Are my ears playing tricks on me, or is Azzurra's voice... coming from behind me?"
    "I about-face."
    "(Jump Azzurra_Corridor)"
    "***"
    "Choice 12 = 2"
    "(If RescueTime <2):"
    "Can't do that! I don't have that much time! They can be back any moment now!"
    "(Jump Choice 12)"
    "(Else:)"
    "At first, I thought finding Azzurra first is a matter of course."
    "But then on second thoughts... if Azzurra is truly in this house, she's not going anywhere. Me? I need information, as much as I can lay my hands on. I need to know what has transpired here."
    "So I begin traipsing all over the place, looking for a safe as Mr. Attenborough described."
    "Sounds simple, right? Well, tough luck."
    "Living room: Nothing here."
    "Bedrooms: Nothing out of the ordinary."
    "Corridor: More's the pity."
    "Lavatory: Well, what did I expect?"
    "After a while, I stop, and lean myself against the wall. That's a safe, people, not a pin you can throw into any corner!"
    "I return to the living room, and shake my head. Looks like I must try something else, or..."
    "… what's that I see on the wall? A circular... thing that glints in the light? A soft “ah” escapes my lips. Could it be..."
    "Yes, that's where it is!"
    "I kneel down before the turning knob – because that's what it is. So many letters and numbers are etched along the edges – a bit too many even for a safe."
    "Seems like an insurmountable challenge for a would-be thief. Unless someone has tipped that thief off on the passcode beforehands..."
    "I bite my lips and stare at the letters. Then I swallow hard, my shaky hands reaching out for the knob."
    A" N1B... 31-1... -1NG... -3N1... -13D."
    "I heard a dull click from just above. A portion of the wall splits open, revealing a sizable storage orifice."
    "There's just a small collection of paper there. No objects, no valuables, nothing of note. Anatolio the thief sighs disappointedly. Anatolio the paladin knocks him upside the head."
    A" You're here to rescue Azzurra and find the truth, not to pocket stuff! Clear?"
    "I grab the pile of paperwork."
    "Most of the stuff seems to be correspondence between Schallendorf's party and the rest of Aurora. Signed in alias rather than actual name. Not surprising, but that also means I don't know where to or where from."
    "Nothing too interesting."
    "Some are about experiments – of physical, biological or chemical nature."
    "Some other involved prototyping machines and parts, and where the material should come from."
    "Some other others were notes on the Church's activities, and what the Organization should do about that. Nothing I don't actually know, to be honest: because my mind and these papers are both full of the Sun Festival."
    "The only letter of interest spoke of an “agreement” with the Church."
    "It is something you have to see to believe, even though Mr. Attenborough had given me some tips."
    "I stuff all I think might be useful later into my backpack, and draw a stiff breath."
    "Time to look for Azzurra."
    "I stand up, close the safe behind me as I found it, and turn around..."
    "… to the sound of shuffling slippers."
    C0" Anatolio. I know you'll come."
    "I stop dead in my track. Could it be... Azzurra!"
    "I drop everything in a heartbeat, and dash towards the voice."
    A" Azzurra! I-is that you?"
    Az" Silly Ana, who else can it be but me?"
    "Before I know it, I am back there, in the corridor."
    "(Jump Azzurra_Corridor)"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 12 = 3"
    "(If RescueTime <2):"
    "Can't do that! I don't have that much time! They can be back any moment now!"
    "(Jump Choice 12)"
    "(Else:)"
    "Cảnh: phòng sách"
    "At first, I thought finding Azzurra first is a matter of course."
    "But then on second thoughts... if Azzurra is truly in this house, she's not going anywhere. Me? I need information, as much as I can lay my hands on. I need to know what has transpired here."
    "	But then, if I'm to turn the place upside down, shouldn't I spend time to do it properly? I have all the time I need, right? Still early, right?"
    "That, and I am well and truly curious. The more the Church makes Aurora sound like a coven of demon-worshippers, the more they sound like something really tempting to a young fellow too eager to learn more about stuff like us."
    "Scary and perhaps sad? Yes. But in the eyes of the younger us there's something about them that beckons us to learn more. The more you keep things forbidden, the more tempted kids are to find it out, that kind of thing."
    "And now it's my chance. Why not go around, see their lifestyle for what they are, and answer that host of questions for good?"
    "So I begin traipsing all over the place, opening all the door I can find, turning upside down every chest of drawers and back again, and gawk to my heart's content at all the strange and odd things about me."
    "In the living room there is a table and a set of chairs, and some tea cups. A thick and respectable bookcase rests against the wall, rivaling Mr. Ines' store, though obviously far less on the musty side."
    "On a portion of the wall there's a turning knob with all kinds of letters and symbols on it. Ten copper coins that's the control to that safe I want. Let's do that later."
    "In the storeroom there are a bunch of stuff I don't know what to call. I'll go with “piles of wooden and metal things that may or may not be useful.”"
    "In the kitchen there's a cupboard and cutlery just like every other. There's a door welded shut and can't be opened howsoever."
    "Along the corridor there are a few picture whose point I can't get. Some were just dots, others just lines, others still looking like a few buckets of paint had been dumped on a canvas and called a day."
    "The two bedrooms seem even more simplistic: A bed and a dresser each, plus a table at the bedside. The end."
    "I decide not to check out the lavatories, for good reasons."
    "Conclusion: So the real Aurora deal is as human as everyone else. They eat and sleep and read, too, and in their every day life seems dominated neither by sorrow nor baby-sacrificing."
    "Though strangely I haven't seen Azzurra anywhere during my search. I still have time, though, right? Thinking so, I sit down at the sofa, and rest my sore back."
    "Then my hand, fidgety as it is, starts running under the mattress..."
    "… and hit something like a small piece of cardboard."
    "I almost jump, but then manage to calm myself."
    "Whatever shall I do with it now? Should I leave it alone, or check it out?"
    "As usual, my curiosity wins the duel."
    "I turn over the mattress."
    "Now the object isn't a piece of cardboard, but a tiny clipboard, like a toy, with a piece of paper fixed on it."
    "<DOCUMENT>"
    "Well, well, well. Even Mr. Attenborough doesn't know all things."
    "Now I know what I should do."
    "I place the clipboard back where it is, then the mattress over it. Then comes the safe's turn."
    A" Brunhilde, right?"
    "Just as expected, I heard a huge click."
    "And then before me a... thing, either strange or miraculous or maybe both, takes place. A piece of the wall splits up and aside, revealing two compartments: one behind the door, one within it."
    "Inside the former there are some letters and documents that look generic enough. Inside the latter there is a large file, carefully clipped and stashed away."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: phòng sách"
    "I must have spent some twenty minutes wrangling with that file."
    "My head has never hurt quite as much."
    "Is it even possible that someone can stuff so many mathematical formulas (that's what they seem to my eyes) with so many arcane symbols into such a thin collection of paper?"
    "Even the captions seem hard enough to even get. They spoke of a number of names I can't quite recognize: Einstein, Podolsky, Rosen, Schroedinger, Heisenberg, Maxwell... and an experiment concerning a cat who is at the same time both alive and dead."
    "The part that sounds like the language of people shows that they believe these theories can somehow be applied to this world of ours."
    "And... that “somehow”... concerns Azzurra? Wait a second."
    "To recap: They talked lots and lots about such ideas as “closed system”, “quantum overlaps” and “degeneracy” and “energy degeneracy” and whatchamacalit."
    "But it seems they need Azzurra for an experiment of some sort that involves a close chamber, one of those “Geiger” things for measuring “radioactivity”... and a ton of other things I just have no idea about."
    "My lack of interest ceases the moment my eyes reach the last paragraph."
    "“It is highly unlikely that the test subject would continue existing past the last stage of the test. In any case, whether or not her existence continues, we will be able to draw conclusions accordingly, the pertinence of which has been listed above.”"
    "It is all I can do not to tear the document to shreds. If I see those who wrote this here, I might as well tear them to shreds, too."
    "Mr. Attenborough will be wanting to see this. He'll know what he needs to do. As for me, I must take Azzurra out of here, and quick!"
    "I stand up, close the door behind me, and turn around..."
    "… to the sound of shuffling slippers."
    C0" Anatolio. I know you'll come."
    "I stop dead in my track. Could it be... Azzurra!"
    "I drop everything in a heartbeat, and dash towards the voice."
    A" Azzurra! I-is that you?"
    Az" Silly Ana, who else can it be but me?"
    "Before I know it, I am back there, in the corridor."
    "(Lohengramm = 1)"
    "(Jump Azzurra_Corridor)"
    "oOo"
    "(Label: Azzurra_Corridor)"
    "There, in front of me, stands Azzurra in the flesh. She is folding her hands – and on her lips there is this kind of melancholic smile."
    "Is she waiting for me? Or wishing I wouldn't come? Or even both?"
    A" Azzurra! I... I'm worried. About you."
    Az" Mmm. I know you will"
    A" T-they... your 'relatives', did they treat you badly? Did they keep you in-"
    "I toss a glance at the discolored wall."
    Az" Not at all, no. They're keeping me, yes, but that's what I want."
    "Azzurra stares at me and giggles."
    Az" Look at you, Ana. Weren't you trying to break into my room?"
    "When she words it like that, my face suddenly flushes red."
    Az" Would you think someone trying to keep me hidden would build such an obvious-looking secret door?"
    "Azzurra throws a meaningful glance at the kitchen. My eyes widen: There, a door I didn't know existed is left ajar. Anatolio, curious boy, poor detective, at everyone's service."
    "Then I look at Azzurra again, from top to toe. She looks amazingly well, and doesn't seem abused in any way. All that has happened to her... is that she seems to have changed."
    "Changed. I don't know how to put it better, but I can't help but feel Azzurra is now showing to me a side of her that has never existed before. Or if it has, then I was unaware of it."
    "Before me stands a mysterious and witty Azzurra... as if cloned from Elena. Completely unlike the childish Azzurra I am so used to."
    "Her eyes stare deeper, and look a little more sunken, too, as if hiding something – some invisible burden."
    "But enough looking. Time to get this done!"
    A" I came to save- I mean, to take you home, Azzurra."
    Az" And why should I? And to what home?"
    "My eyes widen. Who are you, and what have you done to my Azzurra?"
    A" Why, to your home, of course! To your books, to your tea sets, and... and to all that you've left behind, and..."
    "I was going to say “and to me”. I end up not being able to spit out those words."
    A" And... I know these people aren't actually your family. Why should you stay with them, and..."
    Az" It's actually quite clear. They promised me an answer."
    A" A-an answer? About what?"
    Az" About this world. About the universe out there. And..."
    "Azzurra stays quite silent, as if trying to condense her vast emotions into the smallest number of words possible."
    Az" About myself."
    A" Yourself? Isn't everything so clear? What needs answering any more?"
    "My argument... doesn't hold much water. A poor choice, when I'm facing Smart Azzurra right here. Then again, my mind is drawing a blank. This is just not what I'm used to. At all."
    Az" So tell me. Why did all the trouble around me happen? Where did I come from? Why am I here? Why did I meet you? Why did everything – everything – in this universe of ours happen like they did?"
    "Azzurra's eyes bore a hole in me. Then she shakes her head."
    Az" These people of Aurora promised they'll give me an answer where nobody else would... or could. I help them, and help myself all the same."
    A" What are you talking about? None of these things are important! None, you hear? It's the present that's important! Right now!"
    "Azzurra turns away, and at once I feel like I've been beaten."
    Az" I've said my piece. I'm not going to change my mind."
    Az" You... need to go, Anatolio. Perhaps you think you're being a hero, but you're a hero who is not needed. You need to go."
    "And then Azzurra begins to walk towards the open door in the kitchen. I must do something - anything!"
    "Choice 13:"
    "1.	Snatch Azzurra!"
    "2.	Try to persuade Azzurra"
    "3.	(If 	Lohengramm = 1) Show Azzurra the Schallendorf faction's intention"
    "4.	Leave"
    "Choice 13 = 1"
    A" Apologies, Azzurra, I have to..."
    "I run towards Azzurra, and grab her wrist, and try to restrain her like a professional kidnapper that I'm not."
    "I don't have another choice..."
    "But then..."
    C0" !!!"
    "<SFX gì càng ghê rợn càng tốt>"
    "//NVL"
    "Chương 7C: Elena"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "One year later."
    "Cảnh: Elena đứng trên đồng cỏ, cạnh một ngôi mộ, tay cầm một quả mặt cười"
    E" I still don't understand what truly happened that day. Nobody does."
    E" I only know, that I would never see Ana again."
    E" Azzurra; the Azzurra Ines that we know, vanished also. The only witness of whatever that had transpired, vanished like she has never existed."
    E" One, two, three months... everyone in the City and even the Church, all decided to bury that event into oblivion."
    E" Oh, they do remember Anatolio Pietro, as 'that foolish boy'. And Azzurra Ines, 'that vanished Chaosspawn'."
    E" But I, well, I remember who they are. What they are. I shall bring those memories to the grave, and so many questions left unanswered."
    E" Perhaps that's for the better. Not every question needs answers."
    "Cảnh: Bầu trời sao"
    E" Because there are things men are not meant to know."
    E" Nothing good comes of them. Best to ignore them, and move on."
    E" More importantly..."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "My mission is done."
    "MYSTERY END."
    "oOo"
    "Choice 13 = 2"
    A" Azzurra, wait!"
    "My loud voice seems to work: Azzurra stops, but still doesn't turn around."
    A" Y-you really don't want to return? To our life like before? You and me, and Elena at times, and Hanes, too, and my parents, and..."
    "Azzurra shakes her head quietly."
    Az" All of that is no longer very important."
    Az" Let me ask you this, Anatolio, How long do we get to live?"
    A" W-what do you mean?"
    Az" Fifty years? Sixty? Seventy or eighty if you're lucky? Even the things that seem so permanent, so eternal like the Church or the City, how long have they been there, and how long will they be around? Hundreds of years? Or several thousands, maybe?"
    Az" Well, the universe's been here for billions."
    Az" In those billions of years, you'd need to run fast as the light itself to cover its length and breadth."
    Az" In those billions of years, millions upon millions of sentient species have come to existence, and then erased as if they'd never been there."
    Az" In those billions of years, the immortals themselves are like children, building sandcastles on an endless beach, and then one day all of that, too, would be washed away by that ocean beyond, leaving nothing behind."
    Az" Now, let me ask you: What are we, as humans, in front of that infinity? Just an atom, at best, part of a grain of sand on that beach, that the naked eyes can't even see."
    Az" I can live like an invisible particle like that. Or I can work with them , and find out just a part, just a part of that infinite mystery. Would I not be more useful in the latter way than the former?"
    Az" Would you not agree, Anatolio?"
    "(If Azzurra.Point <=2:)"
    "I shake my head faster than I – or Azzurra – thought I can."
    "Part of me starts to regret. I shouldn't have introduced her to so many books and theories, so she would one day use my typical scientist's thinking against me in a most ironic fashion."
    "And I, the master who was overcome by his student, cannot come up with a proper answer. She has just posed to me the questions that I have asked myself, but never willingly tried to answer."
    "I don't have an argument to have Azzurra come with me. Not without force, no."
    "… But I shall not do that. Then I would be no different from them . I might be even worse than them, because at least they want Azzurra for a question worth asking and worth answering."
    "I cut my breath short."
    A" You... are right."
    A" But are you sure you want it this way? You will be fine, will you?"
    "Azzurra's newly-gained small smile returns."
    Az" Look at you. I'm more than sure. I'm not a child any more, see? I'm even a chaosspawn infinite in malice and unfathomable, according to the mass!"
    Az" You'd better go home, Anatolio. The Sun Festival calls. Your adulthood calls. Time to go home, pay your debt to family and society, and become a respectable person as you are meant to be."
    Az" And please forget I have ever existed."
    "There's that melancholic smile on her face again. No, perhaps it is I who was hallucinating. Azzurra... actually is far from sorrowful. She's found her path, and will do what she can to trudge along, crawl, if need be, along that path."
    "Who am I to intervene?"
    A" Then far- goodbye then, Azzurra."
    "Yes, just a goodbye, like every other day. One day, I will see Azzurra again. I will see Azzurra again."
    "She says no more, only nods, as if thanking me for understanding, and then vanishes behind the door."
    "When I finally realize where I am again, the house is back to its silence. Azzurra has seemingly melted into that haunting silence..."
    "… where she belongs."
    "(Jump to Hopeless Dream End)"
    "(Else:)"
    "	(Set Azzurra.Persuasion = 1)"
    "I shake my head faster than I – or Azzurra – thought I can."
    "Part of me starts to regret. I shouldn't have introduced her to so many books and theories, so she would one day use my typical scientist's thinking against me in a most ironic fashion."
    "But then, my dear Azzurra, I am sure I still understand you!"
    Az" Eh? You don't agree?"
    A" Of course not!"
    "I ball my fist, and draw the longest breath I remember."
    A" Look, this world is vast, and the universe? Way bigger."
    A" And true, we're so tiny and insignificant. If Anatolio Pietro is to vanish tomorrow, the world would still go on. Life goes on, and the universe remains out there..."
    A" But to my loved ones? Well, that would be quite a blow to everyone. The disappearance of yours truly would mean nothing will be the same to them, ever!"
    A" Is that not why we exist? Why we live? Because to be alive means to have that bond with those around us?"
    "My right fist slam into my open left palm."
    A" I say, we live, because we matter! If the universe doesn't bother giving us a terribly important task, if we're that small and insignificant, well, so what? We make our own task!"
    "Azzurra takes one step back. I don't recall she's ever been more surprised."
    A" You, too, Azzurra. You are... important. To me. Is that not something?"
    "Azzurra's face rapidly glows red"
    Az" I am... important? To you? Really now?"
    A" Why would I lie about that?"
    "Then I stretch my palm towards her."
    A" Azzurra... it's time to go home. Your home. Your life. No, our life. Where you really belong."
    "Azzurra begins to tremble. Her eyes wet, it does seem she's struggling quite hard with herself."
    "One minute... two... three..."
    "A millennium seems to have gone by while I was waiting."
    "And then I feel a hand grabbing mine. Azzurra's."
    Az" If you say so... then yes, Anatolio. Time to go home."
    "At once my lungs deflated in a long sigh. I... made it!"
    A" Then let's hurry. It will be terribly problematic if these people return. We aren't likely to stay for tea then, no?"
    "Azzurra nods, and smiles. “Right,” she says."
    "Then the both of us run towards to backdoor that hasn't been closed..."
    "(Jump to Escape)"
    "***"
    "Choice 13 = 3"
    A" Azzurra, wait!"
    "My loud voice seems to work: Azzurra stops, but still doesn't turn around."
    A" Allow me one question, alright?"
    A" Do you really believe they can help you do that?"
    "Now she turns around... and looks at me like I'm one of those weird-and-loathsome creature."
    Az" Do elaborate?"
    "I muster all the courage in my being, and look her back. Her stare is truly terrifying, drilling into me as if piercing me from front to back."
    A" To elaborate – these people, the Schallendorf party aren't having your best interest in mind!"
    "I produce that lot of document I've took all the time to find. I pick out that last page specifically, and present it to Azzurra."
    A" See for yourself!"
    "I pointed to what they wrote: Azzurra as a “test subject”."
    "At first, Azzurra just glances at the thing, as if resigned to the fact that I have nothing worth hearing any more. Even as she reads that scary line I point to, her face doesn't change at all. “So what?” seems to be her unspoken answer."
    "Then her eyes scan the lines right above that conclusion. Those lines that I read through and understood absolutely nothing."
    "And then her face loses color."
    "I don't know what is happening in Azzurra's head, but I can guess she's quite shocked. She trembles, and for a second it looks like she would just keel over and faint."
    "I was just prepared to give her a hand so she wouldn't fall flat on the ground."
    "But that hypothetical fall never happens."
    "Azzurra was far quicker to regain herself than I've thought of her. She closes her eyes, and passes me the paper. Did she know I would need it later?"
    Az" So that's how it is? I see."
    A" You see? They're up for no good!"
    "But then Azzurra opens her eyes, stares at me... and laughs."
    Az" I don't mean that much. What I mean is..."
    Az"... They're going down the wrong direction."
    A" Ehhhhh?"
    A" You mean..."
    Az" Let me tell you something, Anatolio."
    Az" I've slept so much since I first came here. Slept rather than read. So like the fake me, and unlike the real me."
    Az" I dreamed, Anatolio. Weird dreams. Meaningless dreams, and has no scientific basis whatsoever. I could take days to recount... but every single one of them goes against everything in Gramps' books."
    Az" Perhaps I was hallucinating then, Anatolio. But what I saw... makes sense. So much sense, it hurts."
    Az" But what I gathered from those dreams is that... the answer we want is nothing this complicated. It's much, much simpler."
    Az" Perhaps even quantum physics – science of the highest order, isn't going to explain what I need to know. What I must know. Not with this sort of research, anyway."
    "Then she stretches her palm towards me. Her smile has turned unfathomable. As unfathomable as what she's been saying so far."
    Az" So... Anatolio, let's be off."
    "Is it really that simple? Am I dreaming or what?"
    A" I-I..."
    Az" Well, rest assured. I'm a bookworm, not a fool. I understand when a plan might work, and when it certainly would not. I'm in no mood to just give up myself for a cause that's meant to fail from day one. That's just stupid."
    "Then Azzurra tilts her head and winks. And I? I know what to do."
    A" Then let's hurry. It will be terribly problematic if these people return. We aren't likely to stay for tea then, no?"
    "Azzurra nods, and smiles. “Right,” she says."
    "Then the both of us run towards to backdoor that hasn't been closed..."
    "(Jump to Escape)"
    "oOo"
    "(Label: Hopeless Dream End)"
    "Chương 6A: Vĩnh biệt giấc mơ"
    "Cảnh: Anatolio (Về già), ngồi dưới gốc cây cổ thụ trên một chiếc xe lăn, nhìn lên bầu trởi đầy sao."
    "//NVL"
    ""
    "I had, then, hoped it was just a temporary parting."
    "But that was truly the last I've seen of Azzurra."
    "After the Sun Festival, the Schallendorf faction, with Azzurra in town, left that house of theirs."
    "Mr. Attenborough didn't look for me any more. At the end of the day, I have failed, and no one, no organization, would need a failure like me."
    "How the Schallendorf faction's adventure end, I'm equally clueless about. Did they get away from our tiny world? Did they not? And does that even matter?"
    "What I do know is that over the half a century since then, the Church still rules supreme, warts and all. A world out there, if any, is forever beyond our grasp."
    "Now, I sit here still under the tree, my life draining away. I look up there, at the sky, wondering if I have made the right decisions. The answer, perhaps, is no."
    "Many reincarnations may pass, and I will still regret the choices I have made."
    "There, up in the high heavens, the horizon reigns supreme, as if mocking the effort of us little people, trying in vain to escape its grasp and failing to overcome our own limits."
    "Cảnh: Bầu trời sao"
    A" Because to be human is to reach for unreachable dreams."
    "HOPELESS DREAM END"
    "***"
    "(Label: Escape)"
    "(If ElenaRescue = 1)"
    "We quickly make our way to the wagon that I hope is still around."
    "It is. What a pleasant surprise: Elena is still waiting patiently for us. As if she's stopped being the haughty Lady De'Rovere while I wasn't looking, and has become a beauteous fair maiden in the meantime."
    "Elena glances at Azzurra, then at me, then back at Azzurra again. And then bursts out in a giggle."
    E" Welcome back, my ladyship!"
    "Elena makes a pretend curtsy."
    Az" So y-you are here, too...?"
    "Azzurra stops in her track, probably not knowing what to say. I have to say something in her stead, and fast!"
    A" Can we hold this off until a bit? Let's be on our way; wouldn't be good if they come back!"
    "Elena raises her hand in a two-finger salute."
    E" Aye, aye, Ser Pietro!"
    "We pull Azzurra up on the wagon."
    "What follows is absolute silence. Elena and Azzurra don't even bother to look at each other."
    "To be exact, they did blink at each other exactly once the moment Azzurra sits down, as if confirming a prior agreement. Or perhaps the tiredness has taken its toll on my eyesight. No, I'm sure I've never been more alert than I am right now."
    "I'm supposed to relax. Everything is done, right? Have I not succeeded? Then why am I having this feeling like something isn't right?"
    A" Eh... what's with the silence? Something wrong?"
    "I turn towards Azzurra. She stares at the floor and says nothing."
    "Then I look at Elena – and get a meaningful wink plus a mischievous-sounding shush."
    "That's odd. If anything I'm supposed to be the one making that 'please don't ask anything' gesture. What's this bizarre world I've gotten into?"
    A" Say again?"
    E" If a lady wishes not to speak, a gentleman should not try to engage in conversation. Ana gets it, doesn't he?"
    "Actually, I don't. Since when has Elena been on Azzurra's side?"
    A" But..."
    "One shake and one nod in quick succession."
    E" Elena reckons Ana should take the occasion to see the sight. Will be quite a while before Ana gets another oh-so-convenient opportunity..."
    "Now she turns away, making clear she's going to hear no more of my complaints."
    "If I had a copper coin every time Elena assumes that know-it-all attitude, I'd be a rich man now. This, just now, is when that attitude is most uncalled for."
    "Nothing I can do about that, I guess."
    "Nothing, except to do what she says – see the sight. Perhaps she has a point. After this business comes to an end, it will not be easy to get to leave the city again. After the coming-of-age thing, I'll be an everyday grown-up citizen. Which means leaving the City would require a proper paperwork and all that."
    "Guardsman: M'lady, where to now?"
    "Elena glances at me. “Your turn,” reads the look in her eyes."
    E" Ser Pietro?"
    "Wait a second... I haven't actually thought about where we should go next after we've got Azzurra, so preoccupied I was about the rescue itself!"
    "Think, Anatolio, think! You can't bring Azzurra back to her place, nor mine. Elena can provide some help, but then I realize that is Elena I was thinking about, and that alone means complication."
    "How about Hanes? No, after his 'guarantee' for Azzurra's 'relatives', I doubt he's someone I can completely trust on this matter."
    "And Father Fredo?"
    "Maybe he's the man. Ever since we were kids, he's been consistently bailing us out – including that event three years ago."
    "But then if Hanes has become somehow untrustworthy because of possible involvement in this business, would that not apply to the good shepherd too?"
    "And given the stuff I've been seeing and getting tangled in over the past week, suddenly the clergy have become scary to my eyes, for good reason."
    "What now?"
    E" If Ana can't make up his mind, Elena shall do it for him, alright?"
    A" W-wait a second, I-."
    "Elena shakes her head, as if I have nothing worth saying (which, in a sense, is kinda sorta true)."
    E" Then let's to Father Fredo's chapel then."
    A" Father Fredo? B-but..."
    "Think about it! That kind of is your most palatable choice right now!"
    E" What's the matter, Ana? Elena should think that would be Ana's most palatable choice right now, isn't it?"
    "Sure, let's add “telepathy” to the list of special abilities Elena may or may not have that I need to keep an eye out for."
    A" But..."
    "Elena looks at me understandingly."
    E" Or let's make it this way: If something wrong should happen, Ana can take Azzurra to Elena's place. Elena may be no Duchess, but she has her own way to help out. Would that work?"
    "I bite my lip. Not sure I like the thought, but does it look like I have any better choice?"
    A" And Azzurra? What say you?"
    Az" No objection whatsoever."
    "Suddenly I see Azzurra's eyes blink. The thought of going to Father Fredo, apparently, must have triggered a certain rejoice in her. Seems like I cannot really object even if I had a better option on hand."
    A" Very well then. To the chapel it is."
    "My instinct screams at me. I'm making a huge mistake, it says. But then, if all we have is a hammer..."
    "Dark clouds begin to gather above our head. Another summer rain is coming. I'm just so grateful we're riding and not walking."
    "(Jump OutIf ElenaRescue 1)"
    "oOo"
    "(If ElenaRescue = 0)"
    "How long have I been walking with Azzurra, hand-in-hand? I can't tell for certain, but we have been traveling towards the City."
    "At first my thought was only to take her as far as we can from that wretched place. But then at some point I realized two things I forgot to note as we set out."
    "Azzurra has been staying silent after we walked through that creaky doorway. No comment, no interjection, no nothing. It is as if I am being accompanied by a shade in the night, not the Azzurra I know and like."
    "I can accept her silence to some extent. Whatever she has observed, or heard, or thought, over the past few days has been way above and beyond anything an ordinary girl could have expected to."
    "But then there's the second problem that I need to address."
    "Rescuing was the easy part. The hard part is... where to now?"
    "Think, Anatolio, think! I can't bring Ana back to her home, nor mine, They would invariably find out, and “we'd be in hot water” would be a mere euphemism then."
    "What about calling on Elena's favor and hide Azzurra at her estate? Sounds good, except for the part that anything Elena-related would mean trouble aplenty."
    "How about Hanes? No, after his 'guarantee' for Azzurra's 'relatives', I doubt he's someone I can completely trust on this matter."
    "And Father Fredo?"
    "Maybe he's the man. Ever since we were kids, he's been consistently bailing us out – including that event three years ago."
    "But then if Hanes has become somehow untrustworthy because of possible involvement in this business, would that not apply to the good shepherd too?"
    "And given the stuff I've been seeing and getting tangled in over the past week, suddenly the clergy have become scary to my eyes, for good reason."
    "What now?"
    "A grimace etches itself ever more deeply on my face."
    Az" Thinking something, Anatolio?"
    A" Eh... uh... nothing in particular."
    "I've certainly looked better. Still... as the guy planning a rescue shouldn't I have thought of our destination before the deed is done?"
    "But this is not something I wish to concern Azzurra with. This is my problem – I have to find a place for Azzurra to lay low until the heat dies down. Heck, I must even build that place if need be."
    "That's my duty. Mine and mine alone."
    "… though Azzurra doesn't quite seem to agree: I feel a pinch in the palm of my hand."
    A" … Yeowch!"
    Az" No need to hide, Ana. You haven't thought of what to do next after this daring rescue, have you?"
    "What can I do but to scratch my scalp like a boy who hasn't done his homework?"
    A" H-how do you know?"
    "Then she smiles, and winks at me understandingly."
    Az" I understand you, Anatolio. You'd rather set out doing things before thinking it through, and what you do think before doing, you never do so carefully. Am I not right?"
    "I stop dead in my track, not sure if I should be offended or accept defeat."
    A" …"
    Az" Well, that means I'm right, no?"
    "Azzurra covers her giggle. Talk about the embarrassment..."
    A" H-hey! D-don't look at me like that; there's going to be a way as long as there's a will! And I, well, I have a will!"
    "Sure, I do have the will, but about clueless on the way part as a man blind."
    Az" So you do. And I... I have a way of my own."
    "Her eyes brighten, and I find myself filled with a kind of inexplicable dread. Should I shake or nod? I'm a drowning man in need of anything to grasp, at any rate!"
    A" Oh?"
    Az" Let's go to the chapel. To Father Fredo."
    A" B-but Father Fredo is... well, he's a priest, if you forgot!	Azzurra: So?"
    A" Are you dreaming or something? We can't trust the Church or the clergy in this matter!"
    Az" Father Fredo is not entirely a man of the cloth, if you know what I mean."
    A" Doesn't mean he has nothing to do with this mess!"
    Az" More's the reason I need to see him. Speak to him."
    A" But why? I, well, took me plenty of effort just to get you out of there! If-"
    Az" Trust me, Anatolio. Father Fredo... is more than what catches your eyes. Unless, of course, you've got a better place in mind?"
    "Left brain gives up. Right brain surrenders. Middle brain waves the white flag. Nope, nothing here in the way of ideas."
    Az" Then it is decided. I'll go to Father Fredo. And then..."
    A" … whatever happens, happens. (that what you think, Azzurra?)"
    Az" No, I meant to say “I'll ask some questions long overdue”. But you... aren't entirely wrong."
    "My instinct screams at me. I'm making a huge mistake, it says. But then, if all we have is a hammer..."
    "Dark clouds begin to gather above our head. Another summer rain is coming. We've got to make haste."
    "(Jump OutIf ElenaRescue 1)"
    "oOo"
    "OutIf ElenaRescue 1"
    "Cảnh: Nhà thờ – bên ngoài"
    "Thời gian: Chiều (Mây đen)"
    "We've returned to the city without any hassle whatsoever. The quietness is starting to worry me. Either the Creator's mercy finally applies to us at long last, or something really, really fishy is going on here."
    "Throughout the way, I can't help but think over and over again about the choice we have made."
    "(If Lohengramm = 0)"
    "The more I think, the better an idea it becomes."
    "Father Fredo is Mr. Ines' brother in all but blood. He shall not hurt Azzurra in any situation."
    "Besides, if he really had wanted to do her harm, he's had way too many opportunities over the last half a decade. So many, that I can't help but shudder thinking about how much harm he could have done if he only wished to."
    "And then there's also his prestige among the clergy, on top of the privileges he is entitled to as part of them. He can certainly use all that to help us... and I believe he would for all the above reasons."
    "Lastly, if the Church is involved in Azzurra's incident at any rate, Father Fredo is the last person they'd think we would hide Azzurra with. The safest place is the most dangerous, right? I'm not saying it like the Church is to be our enemy (and I sure hope not!) but that is a possibility I can't discount."
    "Talking about the Church, well, we still haven't handled the Sun Festival business yet. Saving Azzurra doesn't mean she's going to get to attend now."
    "Ah, my foolishness knows no bounds. I should have talked to Father Fredo, in person rather than through Hanes, about all of this."
    "But then I shrug. Late is better than never."
    "(Jump OutIF Lohengramm 1)"
    "(If Lohengramm = 1)"
    "The more I think, the less sense it seems to put any more trust on Father Fredo. Especially after those letters I found."
    "Sounds absurd, yes, but I must brace myself now for the (quite significant) possibility that Father Fredo wishes to do harm to Azzurra for whatever reason. If Mr. Ines were alive still, he'd be terribly disappointed with his brother in all but blood."
    "But then those letters has also put forward many more questions that need answering. What in particular does the Church want with Azzurra, anyway? And what would that have to do with the “chaosspawn” nonsense we've heard?"
    "Guess the questions I should ask would be more like, 'Would Father Fredo actually answer us?' and 'If he wants us gone, how can we get out of there?'"
    "My hands go stiff. Right, we have to try. If we don't, we'll never know. Besides, I do put a lot of stock in my ability to get out of trouble. Trouble and me, well, we've been good friends for years now, haven't we?"
    "(Jump OutIF Lohengramm 1)"
    "OutIf Lonhengramm 1"
    "(If ElenaRescue = 1)"
    "We parted Elena outside the chapel. While – I think to myself – Elena would make things a bit easier for us during the confrontation, but this is after all not her business."
    "Besides, if the Duke catches wind of this business of ours, Azzurra and me, we'd be in much, much  more trouble than anything the Schallendorf faction could have caused."
    E" Let Elena know if Ana needs anything.. Elena shall stand byקוֹמֶדִיָה Ana at all cost. Promise?"
    "(Jump OutIf ElenaRescue 2)"
    "(If ElenaRescue = 0)"
    "What has given me strength, I'm not so sure. Azzurra and I, we've been walking miles upon miles across the open, uninhabited country now. We should by all rights have been exhausted. Yet I am far more alert than ever."
    "I glance to Azzurra. Her eyes are also wide open, as if she'd had enough sleep for a lifetime and then some."
    "The reason is clear for all to see."
    "We've escaped. We're both alive and firmly in the present."
    "And, Creator willing, we'll see Father Fredo no matter what."
    "(Jump OutIf ElenaRescue 2)"
    "oOo"
    "OutIf ElenaRescue 2"
    "Cảnh: Nhà thờ – bên trong"
    "Thời gian: Chiều/tối (Mưa)"
    "The chapel, the House of the Creator, should be the closest place to godliness in this sinful world. So they say, anyway."
    "What they don't know is, on an afternoon like this, the House of the Creator seems like the closest place to evil."
    "No preaching, no praying, no ethereal choir nor pious congregation... nothing but the candlelight on the pulpit."
    "Outside, the horizon is dominated by thunderclaps and flashes of lightning. It is early still, way before dinner time, yet the sky is pitch black. The shapes on the stained glass windows dance in the lightning, macabre and alien."
    "I recall having been lost in the chapel at least once as a child. Then Father Fredo's appearance from a door behind the pulpit – that space a child doesn't know exists – scared me half to death. Funny, what children do. Anything just slightly out of the ordinary would all look like baby-eating monsters."
    "But on the other hand since then we've known to look for Father Fredo behind that door whenever we need him. I'm sure many even among the grown-ups aren't yet aware of that."
    "So I hold Azzurra's hand tightly in mine, and step towards the raised platform at the end of the aisle."
    "The door I'm talking about lies beneath the bas-relief of the Creator, many-winged and bathed in light, and is never locked."
    "Perhaps Father Fredo thought the protection of the divine is enough, and above and beyond any threat the mortal man can visit upon him?"
    "In which case, would I be disrespecting the Creator and His Court to just barge in there unbidden?"
    "I swallow hard, and try to keep my body still. Forgive me, O Creator Who Art In Heaven, but this sinful child just has to trespass..."
    "We haven't yet set foot on the platform when my nostrils catch the distinct smell of something burning behind the half-closed doorway."
    "A thin sheen of smoke wafts out from behind, and I can almost catch the reflection of a dancing flame against the varnished door. That's no candle!"
    "Is there a fire?"
    "Only one way to find out."
    A" Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra said nothing, and just nodded. That's all the signal I need."
    "Still holding her hand, I throw the door open. It hits the wall with a loud thud just as we charge through the doorway."
    "And at once I am treated with a scene I'd never expect to see in a chapel."
    "There Father Fredo kneels, before the fireplace, and setting fire to a bunch of things that doesn't look like tinderwood."
    "Father Fredo turns back with a start – just enough for us to catch what he's burning: A pile of paper, about half an inch thick."
    A" Father?"
    "Fredo: Anatolio? And... Azzurra?"
    "He stares at us, frozen. The calmness he is normally known for disappears."
    "Fredo: What are you doing here?"
    "Is it just me or does he look like he's more surprised that Azzurra is here than that we've barged into his place uninvited?"
    "Suddenly I don't know what I should do first: apologize to him for our trespassing, or ask him right away what is going on here."
    "And then Azzurra speaks before I can make up my mind."
    Az" And you are trying to get rid of something, am I right?"
    "His face turns white as a sheet."
    Az" You and me both, Father, we all know what that something is..."
    "(If Lohengramm = 0)"
    "Now it is my turn to stare back at the good priest."
    A" M-my apologies, Father, for all this – though I don't understand..."
    "The priest looks me in the eyes, then set the unburnt pile aside. Suddenly my spine freezes – those eyes are boring a hole through mine. 'You have done ill', I can almost hear his voice speaking as much."
    "Fredo: If I'm not mistaken, the Creator did teach man many things, and not entering someone else's abode unbidden is among them. Am I, or am I not, Anatolio Pietro?"
    "Voice cold as ice. Brows furrowed. Jaws clenched. I begin to shiver: there exists a Father Fredo like this?"
    "But then my courage seeps back into me. No, I'm not here with malicious intents. I come here to beg for help. Not for me, but for Azzurra."
    "Is that not what the House of the Creator is for – a place for the needy and beleaguered to find reprieve if not salvation?"
    "I breath in hard, and more courage returns. My voice is shaky still, but that doesn't matter: I don't need to intimidate anyone, quite the contrary."
    "Whatever happens, happens.."
    A" Father... we need your help, if y-you are not unwilling..."
    "Fredo: Oh?"
    "He looks at us again from top to toe. Us, as in me and Azzurra. His face mellows down, and the tranquil rage just now replaced by a deeply thoughtful look."
    "My glance alternates between Father and the pile of paper he's getting rid of. I don't have those elf-blessed eyes as in the fairy tales, but you don't need to be anything elven to recognize a particular sign on one of them."
    "Now I still haven't made up my mind, when Azzurra steps forward. Her face hardens and looks more severe than I've ever recalled."
    Az" Would the divine and the diabolic ever have to work together for a shared ideal, Father?"
    "Creator's mercy, what has happened to Azzurra?"
    A" Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra waves her hand and pushes me back – as though I were just a child who doesn't know what he's doing in the presence of adults.."
    Az" That is quite alright, Father. As you have trusted Gramps before, you can trust us. We aren't going to do anything against you... -"
    "Silence."
    "Such confrontational silence."
    "Such uneasy silence."
    "It only ends with Father Fredo's ragged sigh."
    "Fredo: Very well, Azzurra. Let me ask you this: If such a thing happens, does the mortal man need to know?"
    "Fredo: There are things man aren't meant to know, Azzurra. You would have understand this, if you truly understood my old friend."
    Az" And yet I have many questions, Father-"
    "Fredo: Not all questions require answers. Besides, you've sought the wrong place. As I said: there are things you aren't meant to, nor should, know."
    "Dear me, dear me! Better speak up, Anatolio, before tall of this gets ruined!"
    A" I'm sorry, Father. Fact of the matter is, we come here today not for any answer, but rather to..."
    "Fredo: Find a place to stay, am I right, young Pietro?"
    A" S-so you know?"
    "Azzurra quietly shakes her head at me, as if I've said something incredibly stupid."
    "Certainly, that time in  that company of hers has entitled her to such knowledge I am completely ignorant of. I have nothing resembling initiative in this matter..."
    "What else can I do but listen?"
    "Fredo: Well, why wouldn't I? It's not that arcane, Anatolio: Azzurra is standing here before me, questioning me about the divine and the diabolic, rather than stay with her family... not that hard to read, young man."
    "Fredo: As for what I can do about that..."
    "Fredo: My rational person wishes to tell you what a big mistake you have made, Anatolio, or even turn you in. Yet my emotional person – you can even say the real me – would help you in whatever way I can."
    "Fredo: And that I can promise you. If you would only keep what you have seen between us."
    "He steps towards me, and places his hand on my shoulder. He gives me such a stern look: like giving me an order and pleading with me all the same."
    "Fredo: You would agree with me that all of this had better be forgotten."
    "Then he turns to Azzurra."
    "Fredo: You've grown to be a clever young lady. You'll understand why in due time; but not now, and not here."
    "Azzurra's lips quiver: wanting to say something, probably."
    "She never does."
    Az" …"
    "Then she looks at me and nods. 'Your turn', is the signal I get. The ball's in my court. I get to call the shot whether I want to or not."
    "Why does this sort of things always happen to me? Whatever am I to do now?"
    "(Jump Choice 14)"
    "Choice 14:"
    "1.	Agree to keep it secret"
    "2.	Only if I get to know the truth!"
    "Choice 14 = 1"
    "To think of it... I don't need no truth, not yet, anyway. I need a safe abode for Azzurra to stay, and a way to deal with the Sun Festival trouble. Father Fredo is the only one who can give me that. All of that, in exchange for some collaboration..."
    "It's a matter of priority. Priority, I say."
    A" I agree, Father. We'll do as you say; though—"
    "Fredo: I am aware."
    "He turns back to where the remaining documents were, heaves up the lot, then with one mighty swing tosses them all into the fire."
    "Then he looks back at me without a blink. The severity of his face diminishes: the kind and pious priest has returned at last."
    A" I can only count on you, Father."
    "An odd kind of anxiety churns up within me. Have I missed something incredibly important, and if so, what exactly?"
    "I can only think that I have done my very best. Azzurra is now in good hands. I may have fulfilled my responsibility as a friend – or not. Time shall be the judge."
    "But I have at least bought me some peace for the near future if nothing else."
    "(Set Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 1)"
    "(Jump The_Reason)"
    "Choice 14 = 2:"
    A" I'm afraid not, Father. With all due respect..."
    "I briskly step towards him."
    "What has lent me such decisiveness, I can't for the life of me say. I'm just about to commit an act of great disrespect to the divine – probably not seen since Geronimo the Apostate set fire to the statue of St. Lucina years before."
    "Fredo: Pietro! What do you think you are doing?"
    "Now I am but a few pace from the good priest. When he realizes exactly what I thought to do, I've already been closer to my prize than he can help it."
    "His fiery eyes did send shocks up my spine. Should I go on?"
    "No, I think to myself. I need to do this. I need to know this truth."
    "The priest hasn't given up yet. Quickly he dashes towards where I am. He's taller than me by a head, and way larger. I suddenly begin to pity those who opposed him during his Templar days..."
    "Well, but they are they. And I – a curious boy who grew up on his smarts – am I. More agile, and more alert.."
    "One jump, one dodge, one grab... and one long slide along the floor. The maneuver ends with a spectacular brake with both feet – if I say so myself."
    "Father Fredo missed me, and now I'm quite a way from him, behind the safety of the nearest table. And most of all, in possession of the thing he was going to just destroy just now."
    "Defeated for now, the priest stops, folds his arms and shakes his head."
    "Fredo: Pietro... You... disappoint me."
    "Again my nerve cracks. Have I overstepped my bound?"
    "The answer is no. I have many – too many – questions to answer. And if I can find them here..."
    "Well, would it be worth it?  "
    "	Then my glance meets Azzurra's gaze. She's been waving ever so slightly as if praising me. My boldness is rekindled, and I throw a “Do I look like I care?” look in the priest's direction."
    "Now, time to check out the prize I have won."
    "My initial hunch... was right."
    "I've only seen the first few sheets, but the sign of Aurora is there on pretty much every one of them. I don't have the time to actually read through them all, not with a rampaging mountain of a priest standing just a few paces from me."
    "But you only need a working brain to understand the implication of what I have just uncovered..."
    "Quickly I look up at the priest – partly to check if he's poising to tear me apart in one go."
    A" Father... So that is how it is?"
    "Fortunately, there is no violence in his look. There is only a soullessness in the way he shakes his head: His entire being seems to have withdrawn behind an iron shell in the blink of an eye."
    "And I am breaking out in cold sweat."
    "Fredo: I've never begged anything of you – and I shall not. Though I do hope you would stop right there."
    A" But why?"
    "A rhetorical question whose answer I may not even like to hear."
    Az" Father... all we want is some explanations."
    "He shakes his head."
    "Fredo: No. It is you who want the explanations, not Pietro."
    "Azzurra stares long into his face. All her cards are on the table."
    Az" You're right. I want an answer-"
    "Fredo: What if I tell you right now, what you need isn't within that pile of junk? Tell Pietro to put it down. You don't want any of this."
    A" But you're hiding something!"
    "Fredo: I have no obligation to let you in on a business that has nothing to do with you whatsoever."
    A" You are dealing with Aurora! You do know what this means, don't you, Father?"
    "Fredo: Yes and no. The Church's embargo on the apostates only apply to the everyday citizens. The Templars are different. The Eyes of Light must not turn away before any and all ills – demons or apostates, heretics... or Aurora."
    "My jaw drops. Have anyone even mentioned this sort of thing?"
    A" But you're no longer—"
    "Fredo: The joke's on you, Pietro. You never truly retire from the Eyes of Light. It is my responsibility to remain watchful on the enemies of the Creator and of mankind till my last breath. So whatever you have in mind, it's not going to do me any real harm."
    "He shakes his head, and begins walking towards me – very, very slowly."
    "Fredo: Try that again, Pietro... if you dare."
    "I back up, back up... and back up some more, till my back was to the wall. Behind me, Father Fredo walks still, his eyes burning through me."
    "My knees wobble. Have I turned the old priest into an enemy? Creator's mercy, what will happen to me?"
    "Suddenly the desire to find answers vanishes. I want nothing more to do with any of this but to get away from everything I've seen and heard."
    "The pile of document slips from my hand, and I hear the blurred noise of paper scattering all over the floor."
    "My head buzzes as I make out the shape of a dozen pieces of white and black painting the floor."
    "I may have seen something very, very familiar somewhere within, or I may not. I can't tell. I only know I'm in trouble, and that's it."
    C0" Well, well, well, what is going on here?"
    "The creaking door almost made my head explode. But then I saw Father Fredo stop. He turns around, and I can almost see his joints creak."
    "There I see a familiar mass of white hair atop a familiar head."
    "It is Hanes. Hanes, as important-looking as he has grown acquired to, wearing his initiate's robes that somehow makes him even more important-looking too."
    "He's just saved me a big one, whether he actually intended to or not. I would never have thought a day like this would come. And here it is."
    "Fredo: Hanes."
    "Hanes bows cordially, and steps inside the chamber."
    H" Salutations, Father."
    "He looks around the room once. He might have been a little startled, just looking at how his hair quivers, at Azzurra's presence."
    "But then he clears his voice and assumes his new business-like tone."
    H" I came to discuss certain... matters with you, Father. Official business. Though... it does look like you are a little preoccupied, aren't you?"
    "I notice that Hanes has grown accustomed to speaking more slowly to deal with his stuttering."
    H" Involving an uninvited visitor no less!"
    "His tone sounds strangely acerbic today. Did something happen between Father Fredo and my friend here, that I don't know?"
    "Well, at least he bought me some time to catch my breath."
    "That's exactly what I do. I stand up straight..."
    "… and notice the sound of ruffling paper underfoot. I am stepping on one of the discarded documents."
    "I bend down and remove it from my sole. Crumpling the sheet into a ball seems like good catharsis – I'm in no mood to read; not now..."
    "And then the corner of my eyes catches a signature I've seen quite a few times throughout my childhood, at its bottom."
    "..."
    "Wait, what is this"
    A" … Hanes?"
    "I blurt out."
    "My voice carries further than I thought it would: in seconds, I feel myself on fire. Every single eye in the room was on me."
    "I'm not sure what heats me up more: Those eyes, or the thing I'm skimming."
    "Hanes throws me a glance. He stops, just for a second. Then, as if having understood something very profound, he steps towards me – with a cold stare I never know he is capable of."
    H" Something wrong, Anatolio?"
    H" I should hardly think you came here to see Father Fredo just over some... inconsequential piece of trash, no?"
    A" Not inconsequential. Not at all!"
    A" Hanes. It so seems that Azzurra being given to these impostors has been meticulously planned for."
    A" Do correct me if I'm wrong... pal."
    "My voice grows louder and more dramatic within a few words. My eyes roll: I must look like a judge delivering a sentence on the guilty."
    "Yet Hanes looks nothing like a convict whose judgement is being passed. He lifts the corner of his lips, and begins laughing."
    A" Why are you laughing?"
    "He doesn't answer. In fact, he turns away from me and towards Father Fredo – who has been since then staring at the ground like a man vanquished."
    H" I am aware that these documents should be filed according to proper ecclesiastical procedures. It's rather... careless of you, leaving them around like this."
    "Fredo: …"
    A" Hey, Hanes. I'm talking to you! How do you explain all of this?"
    "Hanes turns towards me, and smirks."
    H" It means... the Creator's mercy that the Church exemplifies."
    "The corner of my eyes is just about tearing from the staring I've been doing."
    A" Creator's mercy? How does that have anything to do with this? Do you know that..."
    H" As it happens, the Church and the Templars have so many ways to deal with evil and chaos. Believe me, you need not and do not want to know what they entail."
    H" And believe me when I say, those of the Eyes of Light have ways so... unmerciful, to handle any and every apostate who would threaten the integrity of the Faith, or the holiness of the Church."
    H" So, this one time, while they can do all that, instead they chose to trade the suspect to a group of people who value said person more than their own lives. The condition is that nobody who matters gets hurt: clergy and citizens alike."
    H" Would you not agree that's fair? Sensible? Rational?"
    A" That's no reason to treat Azzurra so! She's no monster or demon or whatever! That's just..."
    H" A misunderstanding? A coincidence? Or sheer pointless superstition? What we have here can be any of these three. All of them. Or none at all. That, however, isn't the point."
    H" The point is that we've got among us a very great number who believe that Azzurra is a spawn of Chaos and a danger to the existence of the world itself. And they look to the Church for a solution."
    A" And that is fair to Azzurra how?"
    H" Of course it isn't. But then there have always been such injustices. And the Church, well, its even hand has always needed to do what needs to be done to defend the Faith."
    "Hanes lifts his hand towards Father Fredo."
    H" Am I right, Father? C'est la vie. That's life."
    "I crumple the sheet into a ball, and toss it at Hanes' face. He just swats the projectile aside."
    H" Something's the matter, Anatolio? Enraged? Oh, no, I concur, that's what I'm involved in all right. But I was not alone."
    H" An order, that's what it is. You see. I can do what they say, or I can try to resist them... and spontaneously becomes a guinea pig for certain things that shouldn't appear on the dinner plate!"
    H" Or do you value Azzurra's comfort more than my life?"
    "Hanes shakes his head, and shrugs at me."
    H" Of course, I thought you a better friend than that. And still do."
    A" A... friend?"
    "The word buzzes in my ears: Is that what I have been to the fellow? But then, if that's the case, why would he...?"
    A" And the Sun Festival business?"
    H" Not what I get to know, ser Pietro."
    H" But this is what you need to know... and I say this as a friend, because you still don't seem to get it."
    H" The Church represents the Court of the Creator... and therefore owns us. If they want us live, we live. They want us die, we die. They want us as people, we walk on our two feet and look at the sun rise. They want us as dogs, we bend down on all four and search the garbage for scraps."
    H" I'm a mere executor of their will. Better if I can persuade them I have more value... those around me have more value to them as people than as barking dogs, or worse."
    H" Why I do what I do. You understand, don't you?"
    A"... Get lost."
    "Hanes lifts his palm to his ears, mocking the pose of a half-deaf man."
    H" Oh? What's that noise you've just made? Kindly repeat that?"
    A" I said, get lost, Hanes."
    "Self-control, what is that? All I can do is not try to beat him to death with the closest object resembling a club."
    A" You're no friend of mine. You're just a wretch!"
    H" How daring, ser Pietro, telling a man of the holy persuasion to get lost right in the middle of a sacred chapel."
    H" To think of it, of course you'd do that, wouldn't you? Have you ever thought me a friend? Oh no, you think me little better than a funny mutt – to do what you say and make you feel like you're oh-so-superior."
    H" I've played that role rather well, haven't I? Haven't I? And now I'm no longer your inferior, of course your feeble sense of self-esteem would crack."
    H" You're in denial, my dear Ana. You're no hero, no genius, no leader... you're just a coward and a scoundrel. And I... I'm not your inferior."
    A" You!!"
    "I thought my fist has found his face when—"
    "The room trembles. A thunderclap: a mighty hand has just fallen on a table, seemingly enough to shatter every single stained glass window in the chapel."
    "Fredo: ENOUGH!"
    "The Father Fredo standing before us wears a mask of sheer viciousness so alien to what we've thought he is. His fiery eyes widens, his jaws clench, as are his fists. As if he has just perished and been reborn as someone entirely different in a blink of an eye."
    "Then he paces towards Hanes – and part of me expected a hammer blow on my old friend's face. But no, he only raises his voice enough to make every single article of furniture in the room rumble."
    "Fredo: Is that how a representative of the light and justice supposed to act, venerable brother?"
    "Hanes quivers... for a brief few seconds. Then his newfound calmness returns."
    H" Oh, please, Father. I'm no priest, and no Templar... yet. Unlike you."
    "Fredo: A man of the cloth knows the limit of what is reasonable. You are not welcome here, and you know it."
    H" But really, Father? And the official Church business?"
    "Fredo: We both know it's nothing that important. You'll have plenty of opportunities to be known as the keen executor you'd like to be."
    "He turns his back towards Hanes."
    "Fredo: Do not force me to throw you out of here with my own two hands."
    "Hanes' face twists, but then he smiles again."
    H" But of course, Father. Your wish. My command. And all that."
    "He sneers at Azzurra and me."
    H" See you soon, Anatolio. You too, Azzurra. I'll try to forget what happened here today. After all, we were friends."
    "His words echoes in my ears still, long after his mass of white hair is no longer in my eyes."
    H" Some day you'll have to thank me, Anatolio! Thank, I say!"
    "It seems like forever before silence returns. Now Father Fredo throws himself down with a dull thud on the nearby chair, and says nothing."
    "Suddenly guilty conscience rears it head. It is our fault, isn't it? It's more a gut feeling than a reasonable verdict."
    "Perhaps deep within, I still want to keep the image of a Father Fredo as our friend, and grasp at anything – anything – to preserve that image as is."
    "For some time this silence reigns. Azzurra, too, keeps her head down, immersed in thoughts. She, too, probably have her own concerns."
    "And I? I have to break that silence."
    A" Father-"
    "Fredo: Speak."
    "His voice is still dominated by a rage barely held back. I begin to shudder."
    "But then I think again, if Azzurra can be daring enough to come back to the serpent's nest to find her answer, what would I be if I can't summon the courage to do something infinitesimally less imposing?"
    A" I... well, we would be very grateful, Father, if you could let us know... what all of this is about. All of this."
    "He looks up, but at Azzurra rather than me."
    "Fredo: Azzurra."
    Az" Father?"
    "Fredo: Tell me. With all the knowledge you've gathered, all the cleverness you've got as my old friend's heiress."
    "Fredo: Do you think a sentient puppet should know it is indeed a puppet? That whatever it thought it was doing in its own free will were actually guided and predetermined by the strings that binds it?"
    "Fredo: Or would it be better to let it exist in ignorance? Let it think 'I'm alive' and 'I am a person' and 'I can decide my own fate'?"
    "Azzurra's eyes flash... and then darken."
    Az" Father..."
    Az" Your question is an answer in itself."
    "Fredo: Good."
    Az" That wisdom, however, doesn't help my questions much-"
    "Fredo: If you die – or worse – you aren't going to be getting those answers either. Correct?"
    Az" …"
    A" Father... but I would rather get those answers at any cost."
    "Fredo: I'll give you my share of answers. The both of us, you and me alike, have people we cherish and wish to protect at any cost."
    "Fredo: And if you'd ever become a woman of the cloth as I am, you would be blessed with privileges and cursed with responsibilities accordingly."
    "At first it sounds like no answer at all, but then my brain clanks and rattles, and all becomes clear. I don't know who our good priest wishes to so protect – could even be the two of us if I read it right. But that reasoning makes sense to me... for now."
    "Merciful Creator, let's hope I'm not making a fatal mistake here."
    A" Father... are you still a friend of ours?"
    "Silly, I know, but with every muscle on my face trembling, I can't quite think of a better way to word it."
    "Fredo: What do you think, Anatolio?"
    "He doesn't smile, but the cruelness in his face has now faded."
    A" You aren't... a bad person. Never have been."
    "Fredo: Good to know that's what you think. But certainly, I'd like to think as much: I am, in my mind, a force of good."
    A" Then if I told you, Father, that I'd be very grateful it-"
    "I glance at Azzurra's direction."
    "Fredo: I see. You want a place for Azzurra to stay – and hide – until this comes to an end."
    A" Indeed, Father."
    "Fredo: I can manage that."
    A" Will you... will this put you in danger?"
    "Fredo: Let's just say even something as small as Aurora is not wholly unanimous on everything, much less the Church. I've been there for all my life. Think you I don't know how it works, or how to keep everyone at least moderately placated so they'd leave me alone if I need to be?"
    "Fredo: This applies to Azzurra's business. And that's all I can say."
    A" I see."
    "I turn towards Azzurra."
    A" Are you fine with it, Azzurra?"
    "Once again, I am answered indirectly."
    Az" Thank you, Father."
    "Father Fredo shakes his head.."
    "Fredo: I promised my old friend I'll do everything I can to keep you as safe as I can."
    A" I can only count on you, Father."
    "As I step out of the Church and into the rain, alone again, my head still rings with so many questions unanswered."
    "However, I've got two of them down. And one less friend."
    "I try to trust Father Fredo. Creator's mercy, let's hope I'm not making a huge mistake right here."
    "(If Lohengramm = 1)"
    "Azzurra has already spoken for me. I still want to think Father Fredo a friend of ours – and until a few days ago I daresay we could not have asked for a more faithful. But now? I have to assume the worst hypothesis."
    "That he is an enemy. In which case I have to face that reality... and extract the truth, at any cost!"
    "Now he looks at me, as if silently interrogating me. “Has Chaos finally taken Azzurra over?” he seems to say."
    "Well, sorry to say, Father, but we know. Oh, we know, Father, and you owe us an answer long overdue."
    A" It is exactly like Azzurra said, Father."
    "Fredo:..."
    "The quiet he's fallen into seems so suspicious to my ears... and scary."
    "No, I am not allowed to let myself fall into fear just yet. He may be the representative of the Creator on earth, but he is still human. And human are prone to errors, and accordingly can be beaten."
    A" You know, didn't you? Didn't you?"
    "It is all I can do not to throw what papers I have found in that hideout in his face. I can't risk them just yet."
    "Fredo: … I don't quite get what you're talking about."
    A" All I want is to know, Father..."
    A" … what the common man would think, knowing that the pillar of justice that is Father Fredo would mingle with the likes of Aurora?"
    "Father Fredo's face twists. I haven't got my evidence ready, but my triumphant self is spilling all over. Annoyingly so, objectively speaking."
    "Fredo: Be very careful with your accusations, Messer Pietro."
    "His voice rumbles, coldly and echoing all over, like a calling from beyond the grave. I take a single step backward without even knowing I did."
    "Fredo: False accusations against a man of the cloth is no joke. I thought you knew better."
    A" Well, then what are you burning right there, Father? If my accusation is false, you have nothing to hide, do you?"
    "Fredo: Not quite, Pietro. The burden of proof is on you. Besides, your accusation has nothing to do with what I do in my own room."
    "I keep my silence for a moment. What option have I got? If Father Fredo wants to play all his cards, then I'm not without my own hand either."
    "… no, this is not yet the time to present those documents. That is my ace in the hole for the last minute."
    "Fredo: Perhaps you haven't thought this over. I won't hold any grudge against you – as a young man, it's all too easy to be controlled by momentary outbursts-"
    "His voice mellows down, while my teeth grind."
    "Fredo: You can turn around and step out of the room, and none of this has happened. Otherwise-"
    A" What if I have that evidence you want?"
    "Fredo: Oh?"
    A" I've found – at you-know-where – a bunch of letters bearing both the sign of Aurora and the seal of Church officials. That's some nice letters, and I wonder what would happen if the people on the street get hold of them..."
    "Fredo: Do not make up such filthy lies, Pietro!"
    "I lift my lips in a smirk."
    A" Would you like a wager, Father?"
    A" Of course you wouldn't – you have nothing to gain and everything to lose. Am I right, Father?"
    "Again Father Fredo keeps his quiet. I am beaming inside, and have to try my very best to keep my voice as solemn and challenging as I can."
    "But then his face twists. His fiery eyes widens, his jaws clench, as are his fists. There he stands before me, a mountain of a man ready to crush me to a pulp in a blink of an eye."
    "Just then, he resembles more a demon than a holy man, and – believe me – a demon in the flesh might actually be less frightening than he is."
    "Fredo: Excellent work. Excellent work, Pietro. That's what you think, is it? Think you it's so easy to blackmail the Church – the Church! Of all things?"
    A" W-what do you mean?"
    "Fredo: Tell you what: a force that has existed before my grandfather's grandfather was born, that has thrived until this day, has had to handle troublemakers like you by the hundreds. Those who are, let me remind you, a thousand times more crafty and clever than you think you are."
    A" But... but you can't deny that-"
    "Fredo: One warning. One. Let it be, Anatolio. If you know what's good for you."
    A" And why are you telling me this?"
    "Fredo: I wish to harm neither you nor Azzurra."
    A" You lie! You've already harmed Azzurra, You know it!"
    "Fredo: Then prove it!"
    A" I have here in my hands-"
    "Fredo: … a bunch of forgeries as Aurora is wont to make. Fake seals, fake signatures – worthless in the eyes of any respectable member of society."
    "Fredo: And my name isn't even on them."
    "Sweat begins to drip from my forehead."
    A" How do you know that?"
    "That should have been a confession, in the 'I never said what it is' style, in any other circumstance... except this!"
    "Fredo: I doubt you need to know anything except that I am right."
    "I shudder. Hard."
    "Fredo: Fine. I shall give you one last chance. Out, the both of you. And nothing has ever happened here."
    "He lowers his voice again."
    "Fredo: Do not force my hands, Anatolio Pietro."
    "I back off a couple steps for the breathing space. I look around the room – between Father Fredo and Azzurra. The former still stares at me without a blink. The latter..."
    "Azzurra keeps her head down. And shakes."
    Az" I... see. In that case. Our apologies for the rudeness, Father."
    "Wait just a second there! Giving up so easy, Azzura? Aren't you dying for an answer?"
    "Anatolio the coward within me clears his voice. It's the end, he says. You lost, he says. Run away, he says, run for your life. You don't know what trouble you're causing for yourself, he screams in my ears."
    "Run. Just run. Run away. Run home. Home, home, HOME!"
    "No."
    "I'm not running away this time."
    "I've been a coward all my (rather short) life who knows nothing but to fool around and think myself great. Let's steel my limbs, now, and fight like I should have for a long time now."
    "And how am I doing that?"
    "And then my eyes catch the documents on the table. By the Creator, he hasn't managed to destroy them all, and he wouldn't have been in such a hurry if his Achilles' heel hadn't been in there!"
    A" I guess... thank you for your tolerance, Father-"
    "He nods once."
    A"... Though I haven't showed my hand yet!"
    "Before he can react, I leap for the documents."
    "What has lent me such decisiveness, I can't for the life of me say. I'm just about to commit an act of great disrespect to the divine – probably not seen since Geronimo the Apostate set fire to the statue of St. Lucina years before."
    "Fredo: Pietro! What do you think you are doing?"
    "Now I am but a few pace from the good priest. When he realizes exactly what I thought to do, I've already been closer to my prize than he can help it."
    "His fiery eyes did send shocks up my spine. Should I go on?"
    "No, I think to myself. I need to do this."
    "If not for the truth itself, then for the arrogance of an Anatolio who has never accepted second prize to anyone but an Elena De'Rovere. I don't allow myself to lose this time."
    "The priest hasn't given up yet. Quickly he dashes towards where I am. He's taller than me by a head, and way larger. I suddenly begin to pity those who opposed him during his Templar days..."
    "Well, but they are they. And I – a curious boy who grew up on his smarts – am I. More agile, and more alert.."
    "One jump, one dodge, one grab... and one long slide along the floor. The maneuver ends with a spectacular brake with both feet – if I say so myself."
    "Father Fredo missed me, and now I'm quite a way from him, behind the safety of the nearest table. And most of all, in possession of the thing he was going to just destroy just now."
    "Defeated for now, the priest stops, folds his arms and shakes his head."
    "Fredo: Pietro... You... disappoint me."
    A" That's supposed to be my line, Father!"
    "I do my best to keep him on his toe around the table as my eyes skim the document at the top of the pile. What I want is an implicating seal... or a signature..."
    "..."
    "Wait, what is this I am seeing?"
    A" … Hanes?"
    "That single word escapes my lips, and carries way further than I thought."
    "The room freezes at that single word."
    "I stare blankly at the sheet. No, even if that isn't his name there, then I've been his pal for long enough to recognize his handwriting at a glance. We've tried imitating each other's signature once upon a time!"
    "It is Hanes. Hanes who signed here."
    "My worst fear, confirmed. Hanes is involved in this business, more or less. “More” seems to be the likely possibility."
    "There Father Fredo stands, feet rooted to the floor. His arms fall to his side; his eyes paralyzed. He shakes his head – like having given up for good."
    "Azzurra, too, is rolling her eyes. She must have been prepared for every possible scenario. Every scenario, except this."
    Az" What... does that mean? Why Hanes?"
    A" How am I supposed to know?"
    "I look up at Father Fredo with bewildered eyes."
    "… and I am simply at a loss for words."
    A" Father..."
    "Fredo: I have no obligation to comment on this."
    A" But..."
    "Fredo: You should leave. I would, if I were you."
    "He shakes his head."
    "Fredo: You can walk away now, and I'll forget everything today, so long as nobody else learns of what you see here."
    A" But... this is our business! Hanes is our friend!"
    A" Right, Azzurra?"
    Az" …"
    A" Eh? Isn't Hanes our friend?"
    Az" …"
    A" Are you alright, Azzurra?"
    C0" Two troublemakers stirring up a fuss in a chapel. That's what we have here. Am I right, venerable Father?"
    C0" Oh, my apologies. Shouldn't it be Am I right, Uncle?"
    "That's Hanes' voice. Hanes is here."
    "And there he stands, arms folded, leaning against the doorway. His eyes narrows, making them look even tinier than they normally are."
    "Father Fredo's face has now lost all color."
    "Fredo: And you are here for what exactly, Hanes?"
    H" Church business. Haven't you, my dear uncle, told me I can find you any time concerning official business? Especially if Azzurra is involved?"
    "Fredo: ..."
    "Father Fredo's mumbles something under his breath. I would bet those are words one should never utter in such a holy place."
    A" Hanes..."
    "I fall silent. Now what am I supposed to say, and how?"
    "Curses! I still can't yet decide, even now, whether Hanes is still my friend or has morphed into an enemy. What am I supposed to say then?"
    "Hanes hurls me a look."
    H" Ever the busybody, my dear Anatolio. Never know where to stop, do you?"
    "Is this the serious Hanes I've known? Even if I've grown to accept his recent disdain he has somehow acquired, the Hanes that I know has never been quite so..."
    H" Something's the matter, Anatolio? Devil's got your tongue?"
    "… hateful."
    "I shake my head."
    A" That's my question, Hanes! What's your matter? What have we ever done to you?"
    H" Nope. Not quite. On the contrary, Anatolio. You're a pitifully good friend. I have nothing against you."
    A" So why in the Creator's name..."
    "I slam the incriminating sheet on the table."
    A" … did you do this?"
    H" …"
    A" Oh, now the Devil's got your tongue, huh? No explanation?"
    H" Has Uncle Pietro ever taught you not to poke your nose in other families' business?"
    A" Other families? This concerns Azzurra! And me! That's our business now!"
    H" Tip of the iceberg, my dear Anatolio. Tip of the iceberg"
    "He turns towards Father Fredo."
    H" I reckon my dear uncle would have something to say, no?"
    H" Or perhaps you want me to say it? If I were you, I would have taken the opportunity to defend myself."
    A" I don't care about how Father Fredo is involved. I care about what you did, and why!"
    H" There's a season and a time for everything, Anatolio."
    "(If RescueTime =3| Ghi chú: Có nghĩa là nếu Elena có tham gia giải cứu Azzurra)"
    H" Did you know why, my friends, I became a priest?"
    "I rub my chest. Seems like I have to play this out with him after all."
    A" You've been Graced. And naturally pious, and serious to a fault. I'd be more surprised if you didn't want to join the clergy-"
    H" Heh, so you don't know me as well as you like to boast, friend. Tell you what, you don't even know what my family name is. Do you?."
    "I roll my eyes. Hanes' family name?"
    "True. I've only, for as long as I can remember, known him as plain Hanes."
    "Not that he can blame me. Those adopted by the Church, unless the case demands, never keep their family name if they had one at all."
    A" You never let me know."
    H" Right. And I have my reasons. Right, my dear uncle?"
    "He turns towards the good priest again – issuing a challenge."
    "Father Fredo remains silent. While Hanes takes a step towards him."
    H" I don't think you can keep your quiet any more, Uncle."
    "Fredo: …"
    H" What's the matter? You, who once dared to outright murdered your own brother, now lacking the spine to admit it?"
    "Fredo: That was then, Hanes, and not without reasons."
    "Hanes claps his hands so joyfully: as though he's been waiting for this all his life."
    H" That's the good stuff. You heard the confession!"
    "Yes, yes, I've heard it... and don't get it."
    A" Now what does that have to do with Azzurra? None!"
    H" None? I think not, Ana my friend."
    H" You have both parents with you – a big happy family. Should you screw up out there, the moment you get home someone will be there. Protect you. Your good friend Hanes has no such luxury. You don't know what it's like."
    A" I don't. But I can guess. I've been your friend for all these years, Hanes! It's not like I don't know who you are and how you live!"
    A" I've never treated you badly! Have I?"
    H" True. I can't fault you on this. That is why this never concerns you in the first place. If you weren't such a, as I said, busybody."
    H" What you don't know... well, my parents? Father Fredo killed them."
    H" Am I right, Uncle? Or would you rather assume that title, Inquisitor-Templar Fredo? You like it better that way, didn't you?"
    "Wait a second!"
    "That doesn't make so much sense, now that I think about it."
    A" Then... your family photo you showed that one time..."
    H" Thought you cleverer, Anatolio. Can't you see I have nothing in common with them?"
    A" … so it's a forgery?"
    H" More, or less. Think about it. A child cursed with snow-white hair and pinked eyes, whose identity the Church wishes to hide for their own good. You and I, Azzurra, we are cut from the same bolt of cloth."
    "Hanes casts a sideways glance at Azzurra."
    H" That's why I saved you then, Azzurra. Remember, Azzurra? A street urchin, pulled out of the ravenous crowd of merciless kids by a shadow?"
    A" Eh?"
    "What... is he talking about?"
    "A street urchin?"
    "A ravenous crowd of merciless kids?"
    "I stare at Azzurra. She stands there, frozen."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cánh đồng"
    "Thời gian: đêm"
    "//NVL"
    "“Stella, stellina,"
    "La notte si avvicina…”"
    "Hanes' melody dripped into Azzurra's ears, before her open eyes."
    "Like silk one moment, like thorn the next as it brushed against her."
    "“…La fiamma traballa."
    "La mucca nella stalla…”"
    "Azzurra has forgotten how the scene looks. The fear, however, remains: the fear of being surrounded. Besieged. Desolated. It is there to stay."
    "“…La mucca e il vitello,"
    "La pecora e l'agnello,…”"
    "The tune echoes, as if haunted, all over the place."
    "Werewolves, after all, are wont to appear under the full moon."
    "That full moon, dotted with black shadows in a circle."
    "In its middle, there was Azzurra."
    "Beaten. Trampled. Crying and helpless. ."
    "“…La chioccia con il pulcino,"
    "Ognuno ha il suo bambino,…”"
    "Cảnh: cánh đồng"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "It only ended as the dawn came."
    "Those were the footsteps of the killjoy."
    "What a warm sunrise in the distant streets."
    "Orange tinted the two side, and the shade of brown earth in the middle."
    "The girl's sobbing pierced the space."
    "The boy's steps, like steady hammers."
    "Whose footsteps?"
    "-	His."
    "Whose now?"
    "-	The kids, running."
    "There came the killjoy."
    "There came the clicking tongue of the cruel ringleader."
    "The girl looked up, behind her hair."
    "That hand reached out to a body in pain."
    ""
    "With dawn came a new beginning."
    "With dawn, came a new hope."
    ""
    "The first hand that Azzurra remembered she took—"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: giáo đường"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    Az" It was... you?"
    H" At your service. It was I who saved you. I, who treated you with kindness first of all. Not Ana. Not old Ines. Not Father Fredo or anyone else. It was me, Azzurra. Hanes."
    H" Do you know what I thought then? If I saved you, I thought, you would save me in turn down the line: a guardian angel in the making! Two children, cursed and hated and had nobody but each other. That's what the little me thought."
    H" And then what? They caught you, and then Mr. Ines took you in, and then you spent all your time with Ana, the arrogant fool. You forgot I existed but as what Ana thinks I am: As the resident idiot."
    H" Well, I played that role as you gave me. No claps for the good actor, my dear lady and gentleman?"
    "There is such malice, such terrible malice, in his eyes that I dare not look him in the eye no more."
    Az" I... never thought you an idiot, Hanes. Never."
    "Nice try, Azzurra, but hopeless. Hanes has now shut off his soul. You aren't reaching him."
    H" Say you, Azzurra. You can't hide the truth no more."
    H" You betrayed me, Azzurra. Why can't I do the same to you then?"
    H" And you, too, my dear Ana. Think you so high and mighty, you lout? Oh, but thanks to your sleeping on your laurels, this white-haired idiot has long exceeded you before you knew!"
    A" Hanes…"
    "My knees wobble. So it's not just Azzurra who surpassed me, but Hanes?"
    "No, the more important thing is, have I misjudged everyone around me?"
    "No, no, more important than that: My way of living has been so callous and so... wrong to begin with. And it's now biting me in the behind."
    "I stole a glance at Azzurra. Silence. Nothing but silence. And Hanes? He speaks still: the wrath of a decade overflowing like flood through a dam broken."
    H" I have thus vowed, my friends. No mercy for those who betray me. Took me preciously little to get the good priest to apprentice me. Aurora, too, was easy enough to manipulate with a prize or two dangling there."
    H" Think you can escape your curse so easy, Azzurra? Well, you thought wrong.  And you, Ana? You get to see it happen."
    H" And you, my dear Uncle—"
    "Fredo: We have been through this. It was not meant to be-"
    "Hanes begins to laugh like a jackal would. Then his face, just as eerily, returned to a stone-like appearance."
    H" Says you. I should like everyone around here know, just as I do, that two decades ago one Silvio Fredo was tossed into prison – and murdered later. For involving with Aurora. By his own brother."
    H" The Church rewarded you well, Templar Fredo, ser. We all know this."
    H" Fast forward two decades, and we've got the former Templar sitting here, like the pillar of society he is. And the other? Only the Creator knows where his bones lie now."
    H" Your words mean nothing, Uncle. Not after you've benefited oh-so-much from your so-called fervor. Is that what the Templars are all about? The Eyes of Light? Is that what the Creator wants? I think not!"
    "He claps as he speaks, like a poet reciting a colorful verse, and walks around the room."
    H" It is only the Creator's work I am doing. To survive... then surpass... then carry out vengeance as the divine wills it."
    A" And how does it involve Azzurra?"
    "Azzurra looks at the ground... and nods."
    Az" I see. I would be your perfect object for vengeance. By proxy."
    H" Clever. Creator be praised, my uncle gets to have no children of his own. He does, however, have this brother-in-arms who entrusted him with a foster granddaughter before he passed away."
    H" Guess it's the Creator's work, too, to let my uncle know how it feels being unable to protect your loved ones. Justice, in the Creator's name!"
    Az" Pitiful, Hanes. No... more like pitiable. That's what you are."
    H" Don't hold it against me. After all, you aren't blameless. Perhaps that's why Ines, that old fool, took you in. Sin begets sin."
    Az" Watch your mouth!"
    "I draw a deep breath. So war it is. It's come to this."
    A" I see. That's how it is, right?"
    H" Good to see you opening your eyes. Admitting defeat now, Ana?"
    A" You wish, Hanes. You failed. Azzurra stands here with us. She's protected. And I will protect her as long as I stand. From the likes of you."
    "Hanes smirks."
    H" Oh, you think?"
    H" Failed? It's only half the match, Ana. Think again. You're on borrowed time. Here comes the Sun Festival! Where's your medal, Azzurra? Where, huh? How're you becoming human then? More's the pity, no?"
    A" You planned it from the start!"
    "Hanes burst out laughing."
    H" You flatter me, my dear Ana. I have no such power! But Azzurra has enemies who does: Enemies she shouldn't have made."
    A" What?"
    H" Smart Ana got to figure out himself. I just take the ball on my court."
    "Hanes squints his eyes."
    H" So it's on, Anatolio. See you at the Festival. Let's see your mettle then: it would be fine entertainment. For me. And for them."
    "Then Hanes turns around, laughing like a man insane as he steps from the chamber. I don't think we can ever scrub our ears clean of his cackling."
    "Father Fredo takes unsteady steps towards the table. He drops himself on the chair with a dull thud."
    A" Father... Did Hanes... tell the truth?"
    "Fredo: …"
    A" Father!"
    "I hear an exhausted sigh."
    "Fredo: Not a single word of falsehood. More's the pity, like he said."
    "Fredo: This was my sin. That it's fallen on you to repay it..."
    A" But it's not your fault, right? That was your job, wasn't it?"
    "Fredo: … Not quite."
    "Fredo: Hear me, Anatolio. When you are young, often you want to do something. And you would feel like there is no price too high, or nothing too low to get that which you desire."
    "He rubs his temple."
    "Fredo: But that's enough of that."
    "Fredo: I hope we won't have to talk about this again. Not for me, but for your sake."
    A" For... us, Father?"
    "Fredo: Stand not in the tread of a Templar. So goes the wisdom."
    A" So... Hanes is right on that, too? Azzurra has powerful enemies?"
    "Fredo: I would say so, yes."
    Az" So why would you want to destroy those papers?"
    "Fredo: I want to protect more than just you, Azzurra."
    Az" You want to save Hanes as well."
    "Father Fredo's head moves in a manner suspiciously like a nod."
    A" But why, Father?"
    "Fredo: As I said. Stand not in the tread of a Templar. Warts and all, he's my nephew. He wants to throw himself into that mess. What else am I to do?"
    Az" ..."
    Az" So... what will you do now, Father?"
    "Fredo: Wish I could tell you that, Azzurra."
    A" Could you... lend us a hand, then?"
    "I shudder at my own inconsiderateness. I caused this mess – to some extent!"
    "But no, I finally decide. Azzurra deserves to live a proper life. I wasn't causing a mess. I'm fighting for a just cause!"
    "Fredo: Well spoken."
    "He stands up and walks towards me. His footsteps are even heavier than it normally is."
    "Fredo: Then what would you ask of me?"
    A" I..."
    A" For Azzurra, do you think-"
    "Fredo:..."
    A" No, I mean, is there any way Azzurra can attend the Festival-"
    "I exhale loudly."
    A" Without causing... problems for Hanes?"
    "Fredo:..."
    A" I-if that's impossible, then-"
    "Fredo: …"
    Az" I see."
    "(If Azzurra.Persuasion = 1)"
    Az" Then we'll not bother you any further."
    Az" Father. Thank you. For everything."
    "Suddenly Azzurra about-faces. She walks, and then runs, towards the door. Next thing I heard, the door slams closed with a deafening thud."
    "Panic overtakes me."
    A" Azzurra! Wait!"
    "I don't remember if I got to say goodbye to the priest – or say anything else for that matter."
    "I only know to run after her."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: tối (mưa)"
    "Rain."
    "It is pouring."
    "The best of the season, they like to say."
    "I normally don't even get a foot out of the door in such weather."
    "But here I am, in the lake. Drenched and chilled to the bone, by the rain and the wind and an overwhelming fear."
    "What deja vu. I'm reliving that night, when they caught Azzurra."
    "Except that she is right there, in front of me. Looking at me."
    "She looks so scarily calm, my Azzurra."
    "So this is the second time Fate has seen it fit to chase her off. In which case, I shall do what I can, so it won't happen a third time."
    A" Will you run away again, Azzurra?"
    "“Again”- I can hardly think of any word so more loaded with tiredness. I don't want to say it again. But here I am, for the third time, saying that much."
    "I swallow hard. If Azzurra has anything to say, I will answer to it."
    "But it's not the first time I had to do the swallowing part."
    "Because Azzurra is turning towards me. Her voice becomes so cold and sharp, more so than the sound of water against rock."
    Az" No. I'm not. Not any more."
    A" ..."
    "Wait, am I hearing myself right? Or did the rainwater clog my ears just now, or was it the thunder? Didn't she say she's not running away?"
    A" Then why did you run then? You're looking for a place to cry alone, right? No, that's fine, you can come to me. Cry on my shoulder if you want. No need to stand in the rain alone, you know?"
    "I've promised to protect her."
    "My worry for her is all too evident: my heart is beating hard. It is not making a mistake, I'm sure."
    Az" No. You misunderstand, Ana."
    Az" I said I'm not running away, not any more. I'll not cry any more, too. I'll have to learn to cope with everything."
    "Her fists tighten."
    Az" Just that... I was just a bit—"
    A" A bit?"
    "She stays silent for a brief moment. A long breath escapes her mouth: perhaps that's what she wanted to say, but strangled and no word came out."
    "Then she draws in another breath, and looks at me."
    Az" Anatolio. Let's go. There's a place I want to show you."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con đường quê"
    "Thời gian: tối (mưa)"
    "What else can I do but follow her into the depth of the forest?"
    "Just as my tired eyes thought they'd lost her silhouette behind the rain and the foliage and the shadow, I see Azzurra again, standing in a clearing."
    "Suddenly all else melts away, the night and the leaves and the rain. There is only a great old tree, majestic yet alone like a crownless king, shunned by his own subjects."
    "I... have been here before. Elena was there, in this clearing, that night I saw her."
    "So Azzurra knows of this place, too?"
    Az" Remember the place, Anatolio?"
    "Her question sounds strangely cold and soulless."
    A" ..."
    "Silence is my choice. Not because I'd rather not lie as a matter of principles, nor even by the perceived troubles I would have if I admit to have been here with Elena."
    "No, that's simply because I don't think this is a time to say anything."
    Az" Ahh..."
    "I'm not sure how much of that silent response got to Azzurra, but I can swear she's smiling."
    "Then she turns her back to me."
    Az" The first time you took me here was... quite a while ago."
    "I rack my brain. Did this really happen?"
    Az" That's shortly after Gramps passed away. I was rather... depressed, then. Thinking of it now... I must have worried everyone. And you too, of course."
    Az" So you thought of all things to cheer me up. Keep my chin up. Make sure I smile. But I didn't care much for you back then."
    Az" To think of it, my mind was full of the color black back then. Not the night sky black, but that all-swallowing pitch black that swallows all light no matter what or where."
    Az" An infernal blackness."
    "Azzurra bites her lips, sipping in the rainwater through the leaves."
    Az" But it was you, Anatolio, who found a way."
    Az" It was a beautiful morning, I can still recall. The sun rose early, and the sky was clear of clouds. You took me here, to this very tree."
    "Cảnh: gốc cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối (mưa)"
    Az" You gave me a picture that Gramps himself drew, of this tree. Then you issued me a challenge. What was it, Anatolio? You do recall, do you?"
    A" ..."
    "I am not sure if it is meant to be a challenge or a question in earnest. But I do feel guilty having my brain as blank as it is."
    "What choice do I have but stay silent?"
    Az" This is what you said: “Gramps grew this tree, y'know. That's where his soul shall rest at the end of it all, he said.”"
    Az" “If you miss him, you can come here. One day, he may even appear to you again.”  "
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cái cây"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    Az" That's cruel, Ana!"
    A" I'm not joking! The Creator exists, right? And His Court? Then the soul exists, too, right?"
    A" I visit this place way too often as a toddler, see? Gramps carried me on his back all the time! Hard to gauge the distance until you have to walk it yourself, isn't it?"
    A" Oh, how about you draw this tree? If that makes Gramps happy, perhaps he'll come back to you somehow?"
    "Cảnh: gốc cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối (mưa)"
    Az" Of course that was nonsense. But I bought it then."
    Az" I couldn't tell one end of the brush from the other. So I begged you to do it. You must have felt like a hero then, breaking me from my trance and all."
    Az" So you suggested we have a small competition or two. Even saying Gramps won't come back until I can match you with the brush."
    Az" You know the rest, don't you? Azzurra the Butterfinger versus Anatolio the Art Prodigy. It wasn't fair, was it?"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    "I see."
    "I recall it now."
    "When Azzurra showed me her handiwork, I couldn't help but laugh out loud."
    "A giggle would have done, but I exploded. There's something about tiny Azzurra with her cheeks puffing that does that to you."
    "Azzurra was terribly mad after that, with a frown so unlike her."
    "What was I thinking then?"
    "Right. The picture."
    "We were much drawing the same thing, yet my tree and Azzurra's tree were worlds apart. Not entirely like falling from the fabled Asgard to Niflheim, but there's something about how she shaped every cloud, every branch and every leaf that simply makes people... think."
    "Now that I think about it, I can't really judge her drawing as is. In a sense, that art of hers fitted her style: innocent and childlike. After all, you can't expect a wild man to dress smart, or Cinderella to wear a mermaid tail."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối-mưa"
    Az" Ana. You've always been an artist. Unlike me."
    Az" I still remember how disappointed I was – disappointed and distraught, and maybe a bit jealous. I told myself then, that Fate itself had had it that I can't see Gramps again."
    Az" Peace through acceptance, that's how it was. The more I learned to accept, the less painful everything felt. I see no more blackness, I instead see this old tree."
    Az" I can't remember when I first learned to smile..."
    Az" But I have you to thank for that, Ana."
    "A wild look takes over her eyes. That eye stares at me, as if wanting to devour my very soul."
    A" Azzurra…"
    "I see."
    "How could I have forgotten?"
    "Anatolio, you fool. How did you let that happen—"
    "Those beautiful, beautiful memories, like a delicate masterpiece of arts."
    "How did you lose all reminiscence of it all?"
    "You forgot how much you wanted to be an artist, once upon a time!"
    "Only when the girl you adore and care most about would dig them all up yourself, do you recall it, as if a fresh thing implanted on your head!"
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: quá khứ"
    ""
    "An artist, huh."
    "Under the overarching look of a philosopher and a rationalist, there actually isn't all that much different between an artist and a scientist. They both explore the physical world around them through differing approaches."
    "Yet, at that time, in my rather shallow view of an egotist of a child? They'd be like two parallel vectors running in two opposite directions."
    "But Azzurra is right. I did bring her here."
    "Together we drew endless sketches full of memories."
    "Wouldn't it be good if I can just jump back to those days?"
    "Get away from it all, purge myself of the shadow I've plunged myself into."
    "And start to live my life as it should be rather than as I think it should be."
    "Though—"
    "The past is the past."
    "You can't escape the dark present through reliving the past. That's like digging your own grave."
    "Azzurra should get it, too."
    "So... why now of all place and time?"
    A" Azzurra…"
    "In a daze, I mutter her name."
    Az" Anatolio…"
    "Same goes the other direction."
    ""
    Az" Ah, and one more thing I've kept from you."
    A" Oh?"
    Az" Remember my kidnapping?"
    A" I do."
    "Not going to forget that until the end of my life."
    "Though it is true – since our reunion, I can guess she's certainly hiding something."
    Az" I didn't tell you—"
    A" … what the two kidnappers were talking about?"
    "Azzurra (trố mắt):…"
    "Azzurra (cười tít mắt): Sharp as always, Anatolio. How'd you guessed?"
    A" Child's play. You wouldn't have changed so much had you not heard something, would you? That's the only way it makes sense."
    Az" Just as expected from Anatolio, huh?"
    A" I just can't guess what they were actually saying, though."
    Az" That's actually easy to guess."
    Az" Contempt."
    Az" Not just against me. But you, too, and Father Fredo, and the rest of us in the Common Quarters."
    Az" Thought it was lucky the bridge got shut down as it was. Glad that the City's finally divided for good by divine ordinance. And rather enraged that the bridge is finally opened again."
    Az" Guess that's how it is for them. To these people, we've already been dismissed as... subhuman."
    Az" Anatolio. Do you know why all of that came about?"
    "She smiles, a wild and frightening smile, like a demon unleashed behind a curtain of rain and gale."
    Az" My fault. Azzurra Ines' fault, for being the chaosspawn that I am!"
    A" That's not—"
    "Azzurra (quay lưng): Well, that is. That was when I realized..."
    "Azzurra (quay lưng): Such injustice isn't solely on my shoulder."
    "Azzurra (“): But on everyone of us.."
    "Azzurra (“): As are the wont of the shadow... those close to it loses their humanity, right? If I... If I am to remain close to you, or those around you, Ana, you'll be just like me. An abomination. Aberration. Hated and disdained."
    "Azzurra (“): Perhaps there is a place for me, under this sky... but it may not be here, and definitely not with you."
    A" But that isn't right! Didn't you choose to fight yourself? Isn't that why you freed yourself? Saved yourself?"
    Az" Yes... and no."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" Anatolio… I lied. Sorry about that."
    Az" I did think of what you're saying then. That's... not why I jumped off the carriage."
    A" If not that... then what?"
    Az" You see, at that time I realized... if I fought, who will I help? Who will I save?"
    Az" Myself? You? Or others?"
    Az" The answer was no. Not me, not you, not anyone."
    Az" Truth is, I'm not good enough. Truth is, I... can't."
    Az" After a long think, I thought to return to you…"
    Az" And there's a reason…"
    A" Eh?"
    "She steps towards me with a smile on her lips."
    Az" Anatolio… You know... it's the third time."
    A" … Third?"
    Az" The third time you saved me from the shadow... of my own making and others'."
    Az" I've thought of running away every time something happens. Perhaps I've become reliant on the pity of others, since Father Fredo and Gramps saved me."
    A" Azzurra, I will be on your side! No matter what!"
    Az" I know, Anatolio. Just too well. So often you've been waking me up, one way or another. From a fool who learns nothing, to who I am today... Anatolio, I've always have you to thank."
    Az" In my life now, there is your parents, there is Mr. Ascenderos, warts and all, and everyone too. Then there is you, and if everyone else is to vanish you'll be there, and all will be well. You will keep the darkness away."
    "I bite my lips."
    "Has Azzurra really been nurturing so much trust in me?"
    "It's not that surprising when I delve into it, but that doesn't make the shock of the moment any less."
    Az" I've decided I won't run away any more. I'll accept everything life throws at me. I'll remain here, walk this unfriendly earth; not for its sake, nor because I'd rather like its twists and turns."
    Az" Instead, Azzurra Ines will live for the greater truth out there. For her kosmos. And for you. That's what matters."
    Az" Sun festival? Mere pleasantries. Father Fredo? Just a man like any. The Creator and His Court? They shall be my observer. Aurora? Nice to have around, but I can do without them."
    Az" From now on, and as long as I need to, to the end of this life if need be, I'll do without anything... unnecessary. If it's not meant for my kosmos, that is fine: let's ignore it, and go my way."
    Az" At the end of the road, if there is just you and me... that's the עדן kosmos I can use. Nothing else matters so much."
    "Weight. Burden. Azzurra's words sound to my ears like the mass of the world were behind it. It crushes me underneath."
    "I can't speak. I can only look at Azzurra, for what seems like a century."
    Az" Hey, Ana... the dawn's rising."
    A" Yeah..."
    Az" Know what it means? A new day's coming. What does it bring? Freedom? Or ruin?"
    A" It doesn't have to be ruin!"
    Az" Perhaps, but like I said: Does it matter?"
    A" Alright. Alright. Then tell me, what does?"
    Az" An assurance for my – for our – עדן world. Can you provide it?"
    A" Eh?"
    "Her eyes go wild: like a wounded animal's hateful gaze that bore into the hunter."
    "But a hunter I am not. I'm just... a someone trying to help her."
    "Those eyes frighten me, but not to the same extent as her words."
    "No, she's not wrong. And that's what makes it more frightening."
    "Existing in a world filled with doubt and hate, should you give up? Should you run away? Should you hide? Would you?"
    "It doesn't seem so bad, does it? Hide. Survive. Build a wall, keeping out everyone who might seem halfway threatening. All to build a עדן  world of your own. What's so wrong with that?"
    "Accept that solitude, and give up everything outside it. It... sounds like a good way out for those who cannot change things for the better."
    "I open my arms, and hold Azzurra tight."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "And yet... something doesn't seem right."
    "No, this doesn't sound like Azzurra at all. Her stubbornness that I know is here to stay. She wouldn't give up everything just so easily."
    "Over the last twenty-four hours I've come to accept the fact that my dear former student has learnt something I am barely an apprentice in: hiding her emotions. That means... no, I have to dig deeper."
    "Is there anything that doesn't add up? What, and where?"
    "And when, too? What have you noticed?"
    "//Hiệu ứng blur→ rõ"
    "Cảnh: Nhà thờ"
    "Thời gian: tối, mưa"
    "“(tiếng đập cửa rầm)"
    "//Sprite Azzurra nhìn lảng đi"
    "Cảnh: cầu De’Rovere"
    "Thời gian: tối, mưa"
    Az" Just that, I was a little—"
    "//Hiệu ứng rõ→ blur"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "So that's it!"
    "It is during moments like so."
    "Those blink-and-you'll-miss moments–"
    "That's when you see the real Azzurra."
    "Azzurra, who never wants to create problems for others, accordingly never got to make choices to her own benefit."
    "Whether she runs away or accept reality as is, whatever she does serves a greater good."
    "And just like usual, she's never going to admit that."
    "If I want to do the right thing as my heart tells me, then..."
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối"
    A" I'm not accepting that!"
    "Azzurra (trố mắt): Eh?"
    A" That is no better than running away. Azzurra, whether you accept or not, I'm not going to just take it from the likes of them."
    A" You remember, don't you? The reason why you survived? The reason why you were adopted? It wasn't because of concessions and denials, was it?"
    A" No, it was because Father Fredo fought, because Gramps fought, because I fought, that you are still here with us today, and not, say, a literal chaosspawn, hunted down for what you are not!"
    A" That is why you have to love yourself, because you matter!"
    A" Humans are born into an endless struggle. Nothing comes easy, think about it! It's not just your life, but mine, too! I exist because of Mom's struggle. Our everyday life? Food on the table, roof over our head? Same!"
    A" Aurora, too, have their own fight – for what they believe right!"
    A" You are born human, Azzurra. Whatever they do, whether they hate you, shun you, deceive you, you are still as human as any of us, flesh and blood and soul and mind. Why take unfairness without a fight? That's just not right! ."
    A" Look, Azzurra. We aren't going to create our own universe with others pulling our strings. They'll see us as nothing more than puppets to be used and thrown away. I'm not accepting that. At all!"
    "I take a measured breath. Should I say what I am to say next? It may damage what we have between us, but..."
    "… I need to say it. For Azzurra's sake."
    A" There's one thing you need to know, Azzurra."
    A" There was a time I quite... looked down on you."
    A" You weren't quick or witty as a child. It was hard to teach you anything. At times I thought, was it worth it to keep teaching a girl who clearly wasn't learning anything? Or would it be better to do what I was told to the letter – to protect you like a feeble girl who needs protection?"
    A" “Feeble”. That was what I thought of you then."
    A" And then what? You grew. You matured. You surpassed the me that I thought invincible. Like what you did today."
    A" And there you have it, the proud Anatolio Pietro, the dethroned king whose crown has ever been an illusion, kneeling before an Azzurra Ines who won it with her own diligence and will."
    A" I've always vowed to protect you, yet I am as human as any, and can be as petty and unworthy as I allow myself to be."
    A" That, Azzurra, is my own struggle. To become better and overcome the petty and unworthy me."
    A" That's why I'm glad – truly so! That I've found an equal. That's when I realized how important you are to me."
    A" That's why, Azzurra, it pains me to see you like this."
    A" I beg you. Don't give up."
    A" As for what you want to see done? A world where there's only the two of us, and nothing else matters? That's rather nice, I have to admit. But!"
    A" But until we gain, no, regain what is ours, that עדן world we want to have would just be a lie."
    "Just as I finish my sentence, Azzurra steps further away. She still looks at me, but her hair, drenched in rain water, has covered most of her face."
    "For a time I thought she'd run away, or do something far more drastic."
    "She only keeps her head down dejectedly."
    Az" Why, Anatolio?"
    Az" Why is it that you would say such... things, just as I am to give up?"
    Az" Do you know how hard it is, continue living in such shadow everyday? Wishing for no more than another day to pass?"
    Az" It's not easy learning to accept!"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    A" That's wrong, Azzurra!"
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: tối. mưa"
    Az" What…?"
    A" You've never actually accepted."
    A" Think back that moment you stormed out. Or when you were sobbing – wanting to say something but couldn't – and didn't. Someone who accepts a burden as a matter of course... will not do that."
    A" You're hiding, Azzurra. I... understood as much, whether you do the same or not."
    A" But... please do, Azzurra. What you need to accept is not lies and abuses and excuses. But your emotions – the real Azzurra hiding behind the shadow weaved by those who hate her."
    A" WAKE UP! AZZURRA!"
    "I don't remember having ever shouted so loud. My subconscious tells me that's the only way I'm going to get through that shadow of her own making."
    "I am right."
    "After the start, Azzurra, slowly looks up at me. Her wild expression fades, as does the veil over her face."
    "I hold her hand in mine, her fingers so much tougher than I would expect. So this is where the warmth of rain comes from."
    "Cảnh: cây già"
    "Thời gian: bình minh (pha giữa sáng và tối)"
    "Here comes the new dawn. The early sunrise, not yet enough to pierce the foliage, encircles the tree: like a crown of halo."
    "A halo of determination. A choice made. A target set."
    "My hand and Azzurra's, connected."
    "And then…"
    "CG: kissing scene"
    "//NVL"
    "The passion of courage."
    "The taste of the glowing dawn."
    "Were this moment to last for an eternity..."
    "Or conversely, were it to end in a heartbeat…"
    "No, either way, there shall be no regret."
    "We have each other…"
    "If every single dawn,"
    "today,"
    "tomorrow,"
    "or so many decades to come,"
    "were to be of ruin and damnation,"
    "my fingers and Azzurra's,"
    "Ours shall turn them into עדן light unending."
    "(Jump The_Reason)"
    "(Else:)"
    "Her eyes closing, Azzurra sits back down on the chair next to the table at the center of the drama just now."
    A" Azzurra? Are you alright there?"
    Az" Sorry. I... need a break."
    "Azzurra slumps over the table, exhausted. Is it any surprise now?"
    "Fredo: It would be better if you leave her here."
    A" Here? With you?"
    "Fredo: You don't trust me, do you?"
    "Word. I think it would take months, if not years, before the venerable priest can ever regain my trust."
    A" I'm afraid that's... not something I'd do."
    "Fredo: I see."
    "Fredo: Though I wish you would apply common wisdom. To where do you intend to take her?"
    A" …"
    "Fredo: Home?"
    A" Is there anywhere else, Father?"
    "Fredo: Your home might not be as safe as you'd think it is."
    "I stare at him, trying to hide my jump."
    A" Y-you mean..."
    "Fredo: You're a clever young man. Did you think by chance you found out where Azzurra is? Did you think by chance you were able to contact the kind of information whose holders that the clergy would be willing to throw the mercy of the Creator to the four winds to destroy?"
    "My eyes dilate without knowing. So the priest knows of the business I've been having with Aurora? Unlikely!"
    "Actually... likely. All too likely!"
    "Fredo: I would be more cautious if I were you."
    A" But... if you ask me to trust you again..."
    "Fredo: Think you I would harm Azzurra?"
    A" But Hanes..."
    "Fredo: Old Tiziano was closer to me than a brother – than my brother. His foster granddaughter is as good as mine."
    A" But then Hanes is still your nephew, right? How can you protect Azzurra if..."
    "Fredo: Because Hanes has chosen a path I wish he wouldn't have."
    A" What about you? You aren't telling me you'll get into trouble with the Church just because of Azzurra, are you?"
    "Fredo: ..."
    A" Well? Hard to answer, right, Father?"
    "That was what I expected."
    "And then Father Fredo bursts out laughing. That was not."
    A" Father?"
    "Fredo: Anatolio Pietro, just like you to underestimate me. I've lived through enough chaos and turmoil, enough to cow the Pope himself. Let's just say I've got more than most under my belt."
    "My feet freeze. True – why didn't I see that coming?"
    "The priest puts a hand on my shoulder."
    "Fredo: Trust me. Azzurra will be safe here."
    "I don't know how my thought process is exactly going right now, but this time, this exact moment, in my mind the Father Fredo we know, the pinnacle of light and a beacon of hope, has come back to life."
    "My sanity may well be slipping... but perhaps I can trust him. For now."
    "Or maybe it is that subconscious anxiousness for the safety of myself and my family that is dominating me. I can't tell for sure which is the reasoning that tips the scale."
    "My decision comes, as naturally as a breath."
    A" In that case... I will count on you, Father."
    "My arms fall to my sides. I, too, am as exhausted as I can ever remember."
    A" Father... Don't make me regret my choice today."
    "Fredo: On my honor."
    "He nods at me, just once."
    "Fredo: You should be off now. Even this holy place is safe no more."
    "Fredo: The Creator's Mercy be with you always."
    "(Set Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 1)"
    "(Jump The_Reason)"
    "***"
    "(Label: The_Reason)"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    C0" So that is the story. Unless my ears deceive me?"
    "Fredo: Yes, Your Holiness."
    C0" Would you swear before the Creator and His Court, in this most holy hall, that you have spoken only the truth and nothing but?"
    "Fredo: As ready as always, Your Holiness."
    "Pope: So if I told you – forced you – to choose to save either of them, Hanes or Azzurra. Who would you choose?"
    "Fredo: With all due respect... I would choose both."
    "Pope: Interesting. And why would you do that?"
    "Fredo: Because neither of them threatens the order we – the Church – uphold. Let the choice of life and death be in the hands of the Creator and His Court in Their infinite mercy, and Their alone."
    "Pope: What of the incident that time? Were you to go out there in the public and ask, more people than you... we would like, would agree that the girl is indeed a chaosspawn."
    "Fredo: Would it not instead mean it is the time to do justice and restore the good name to the innocent, Your Holiness? As we are meant to?"
    "Pope: If we do that, our prestige would be in peril. What am I to say to the thousands who have lived for years believing as much?"
    "Fredo: Is that not your imperative, Your Holiness? Infallible is the words of the Mortal Hand of the Creator."
    "Fredo: It is fortunate that you have not yet claimed the girl is actually a chaosspawn in your own words. It would only lend more, not less, credibility to the Church that you – yourself, Your Holiness – should correct the ills that the clergy has made, fallible as they are."
    "Fredo: There is no reason we should not, under your auspices, apologize to the girl, and restore the rights denied to her all those years."
    "Pope: All of that is fine and good."
    "Pope: Yet there is this little thing I do not get."
    "Pope: This is the first time in a decade you have so much as made such a suggestion. Why now of all time?"
    "Pope: If you had acted with greater authority at the very start as is your imperative, things might have been less complicated today...."
    "Fredo: It is true, Your Holiness. As I left the Templar I've correspondingly discarded my courage, wrongfully thinking it had done naught but harm. My new lack of bravery has caused everything to come to this."
    "Fredo: I've realized it is about time I took up my old sword and the boldness that it entails. As the Creator Meyr would intend of me."
    "Fredo: I can only humbly beg your forgiveness... and understanding"
    "Pope:..."
    "Pope: I will take this matter under advise."
    "Fredo: But..."
    "Pope: The Mortal Hand of the Creator has spoken. You need not worry any further."
    "Pope: Now I ask you this: Why would you let Hanes live? Not because he is your flesh and blood, surely?"
    "Fredo: Not exactly, Your Holiness. I can't think of any harm he can done to anyone."
    "Pope: I doubt that. Hanes is that kind of soul tainted with so much ambition, that would destroy himself and all around him."
    "Fredo: Yet the Creator and His Court upholds mercy above all else. Why not give him a chance if he had done no great harm? Shall we not trust in this infinite mercy to lead him out of the wrongful path?"
    "Pope: Spoken so unlike a Templar, Ser Massimiliano Fredo. That is not, if I recall, how the Eyes of Light are supposed to operate"
    "Fredo: I beg your forgiveness, Your Holiness. It is long past time I pay for the sin I have committed in my excesses. Let my own failing not spill over to the next generation-"
    "Pope: I thought I am discussing an important matter with you, Father Fredo, not hear your confession."
    "Fredo: I beg your pardon, Your Holiness."
    "Pope: …"
    "Pope: But very well."
    "Pope: I shall grant him one last chance. Let him not disgrace the clergy with his 'excesses'. Otherwise... Mercy can be granted, as it can be revoked."
    "Fredo: That is all I can ask for, Your Holiness."
    "Fredo: For Azzurra..."
    "Fredo: … As for Hanes."
    "***"
    "PHẨN 3"
    "MOVEMENT 6: THE SUN FESTIVAL (2)"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Pietro"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Coming of age."
    "I am perhaps the only one in this big city that doesn't wish for it."
    "Tell that to the ticking clock, though: The Sun Festival is tomorrow, yet my questions and doubts only grow."
    "Now if St. Iovis would out of a jest or something drop his hammer and raise an earthquake or something, then maybe they'd stop the Festival. Though I'm not (yet) insane enough to seriously wish for that kind of thing."
    "(If Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 1)"
    "I stand up from the sofa with some difficulty, and leave the house with a creak of the door. What for? Just to clear my mind if nothing else."
    "(Jump Outif 6.1)"
    "(Else:)"
    "Azzurra has been keeping herself to herself: the door is firmly shut. Good. She needs a rest, or, given her new self I've discovered, some time to find an answer herself."
    "… Let's not disturb her."
    "So it's me alone then. I need to go somewhere. Anywhere."
    "My feet guide me to the lake, rather unconsciously (or was it subconsciously?). To draw? No, I don't even remember to bring my canvas and paint and whatnot."
    "I chalk it down to the lakeside being the most comfortable place I can at once think of. Of course unconscious me would go there."
    "Hardly have I settled down, however, when I feel something strange in the air. A cold, lingering uneasiness."
    "I am being watched."
    C0" I've been waiting, my good man."
    "I turn around with a start."
    "From behind a large tree appears a man wearing a huge duffle bag. Someone who looks like an everyday merchant... except we both know he is not."
    A" W-why are you coming at this hour? Aren't you afraid they'd see you?"
    "Paul Attenborough, in the flesh and a fresh coat of disguise. Who else?"
    "Paul: Been doing this for years, lad. We know what we're doing."
    A" … How do you know I'm here?"
    "Paul: Just like you to come here for some fresh air once every so often, isn't it?"
    "Normally I would have asked how he knew so much about me. But then it is Paul Attenborough. He probably knows everything; I'll have to assume that much."
    "Paul: Glad to chat, but we've got business to discuss. How goes it?"
    "(If Lohengramm = 1)"
    "Right, the document. I've got it on my person right here. That's no coincidence: I haven't dared to leave it in the open ever since."
    "I look around: Nobody suspicious anywhere in sight. Good. I produce the thing..."
    A" Here."
    "… and feel like a huge weight is lifted from my shoulder. Mr. Attenborough takes it over, sifts through the pages, and stops at a seemingly random page."
    "Time freezes around me. The man stands there, only shaking his greying head once every so often , his brows furrowing in (perhaps) disapproval."
    "Finally, he rolls up the lot and stuffs it into the bag."
    "Paul: Bad business. Very bad business."
    A" Something's the matter... sir?"
    "Paul: Not any that concerns you. You've done an excellent job. We'll remember this good turn you've done us."
    "The stone-cold face he presents makes me doubt whether the praise is meant to be in earnest, or just as a pleasantry."
    "Paul: Well? You do seem to have many questions."
    A" Too much, sir."
    "I said so without thinking."
    "Paul: I thought you've opened this-"
    "He pats on the dufflebag."
    "Paul: -before today, am I right?"
    "I keep my eyes on the ground. My hand scratches my scalp sheepishly."
    A" … Yes, sir. But..."
    "Paul: No need to tense up. I can't hold it against you. To be sapient is to be curious, so they say. And you can hardly be one of us without some minimal observation and curiosity."
    "I am going to say “I didn't understand a thing in it”."
    "Paul: 'Tis fine if you don't understand what they wrote here."
    "… Thank you, Mr. Attenborough."
    A" I don't think I've ever read anything more complicated."
    "Paul: That's not surprising. My friend Hildegarde has a penchant for that branch of science as arcane as magic. What she's written here can confound people way older and more experienced in the scientific method than you are."
    A" Can you clarify a little more?"
    "Paul: Why, yes, I can. I can spend a month or ten to give you a detailed lecture on cosmology and quantum physics and leave your brain in a blur just to read that much she wrote."
    "Paul: Or I can give you five seconds for a pat on the shoulder and a “Good work, son”. Your choice."
    "(If Quantum.Physics = 1)"
    "“Quantum physics”? Now where have I heard that before?"
    "Azzurra. She said something to that effect that day!"
    Az" Perhaps even quantum physics – science of the highest order, isn't going to explain what I need to know. What I must know. Not with this sort of research, anyway."
    A" I mean... when I saved Azzurra, she told me this ;quantum physics' isn't going to answer all the questions she has."
    "Mr. Attenborough's eyes twinkles."
    "Paul: Oh, really now? Now this is... interesting."
    A" Something wrong, Mr. Attenborough?"
    "Paul: I'll be honest – the girl's spoken my mind. I reckon there is something out there, something so unfathomably unreachable, beyond the grasp of conventional scientific methodology."
    "Paul: The question is how Azzurra could have thought as much, and so decisively too..."
    A" Wait, you mean you don't know too?"
    "Paul: Young man, you can't be a scientist without confessing that you don't know all thing. Besides, this doesn't make too much sense, does it?"
    "Paul: My three friends here are cut-and-dry evidence worshippers. They will drown themselves in a cesspit before admitting there can't be a falsifiable evidence for everything."
    "Paul: That begs the question: From where did Azzurra learn that from?"
    "And just how am I supposed to know that?"
    "Paul: I must say she knows much. Too much. We can't not give this matter a good long think."
    "I hope that isn't meant to be a threat. I hope."
    "Paul: You can rest assured. Everything is still under good control."
    A" Thank you, sir. Though..."
    A" I'd be much obliged if you'd let me know how I can go about protecting her from now on."
    "Paul: I won't worry so much about it if I were you."
    A" Why not? How can I ever rest easy knowing-"
    "Paul: To most people I'd say 'you'll thank me when the time comes'. But I know you won't like hearing that."
    A"..."
    "I also don't like being interrupted all too often. Just so you know."
    "Paul: So I will tell you that Azzurra is being protected. By whom and how? That's a matter of utmost secrecy."
    "Paul: As for your friend Hanes, as you've probably found out: He's got a rather terminal case of megalomania. Thinks he knows all that there is to know about the Church and Aurora. In truth... he knows less than you do."
    "Paul: There are forces at work you won't know until it hits you in the face."
    A" 'Forces'?"
    "Paul: Let's say every organization in existence has a wealth of skeletons in their figurative closets that outsiders and newcomers aren't aware of.  "
    "Paul: For the likes of the Church and to a lesser extent ourselves? That's not a few skeletons, but an entire cemetery."
    "Paul: Hanes seems to take everyone for fools. That he's the only one with a brain. Silly, and rather pitiable."
    "He clicks his tongue, and drops a thin smirk."
    "Paul: Think for yourself what this means."
    "He pats me on the shoulder.."
    "Paul: If you are truly worried about Azzurra, then behave as per normal tomorrow and cause no trouble. Then everything will be as they should be."
    A" Are you sure about that?"
    "Paul: I can guarantee you on my own honor, and that of the Organization."
    "Paul: Besides..."
    "Paul: Let's just say we have our own benefits to gain with Azzurra becoming an accepted member of society. We're on the same boat."
    A" I'm not so sure about that-"
    "Paul: Well, you should be! After all, we can use someone like you."
    "Wait…"
    "… what?"
    A" Pardon me? A-are you jesting? Use someone like me?"
    "Paul: We don't jest when it comes to work. Consider this an official invitation, from the man himself."
    "Paul: … Of course I won't force you to shake or nod right about now. You can naturally say no. Your individual rights: we respect that much."
    A" Will I not be silenced if I say no?"
    "Paul's palm hits his face with an audible slap. Then he burst out in a string of throaty laughter.."
    "Paul: Just a copper coin every time someone says that, my young man, and I can retire early! No, lad, do me a favor and erase between your ears the thought that Aurora is like a bunch of thugs who murder for a living."
    "Paul: That's the Church's business, we shall let them have it without competition. As for them, well, they know as much as you do. They'll leave you alone."
    "Paul: One more thing..."
    A" Which is...?"
    "Paul: Suppose the “great sky fairy” decides you aren't worth being recognized as a human being, you will have to join us. Am I right?"
    A" Ehhh... that's not as fun as you seem to think, sir?"
    "Paul: Of course not. You have a family and quite a few friends, no? I'm just saying that suppose that happens, we'll welcome you into our big happy family, where the curious befriend the rejected befriend the slightly mad."
    "I groan. Others might take it as a something of a honor. After all that, I just want to have my peaceful life back."
    A" As for tomorrow, you say..."
    "Paul: As I said. Rest assured, do your duties as a boy about to become a man. Pray, if you'd like – faith has its use as long as you keep it from interfering with the scientific method."
    "Paul: Most importantly, don't make a fuss. Everything's already decided."
    "(Jump OutIf 6.1)"
    "oOo"
    "(Else:)"
    "Paul:…"
    "Paul: Hmm."
    A" Something wrong, sir?"
    "Paul: Yes... no, not that much. Just that this is not exactly what I've been after."
    A" Really? I've taken this document from that safe in that house?"
    "Paul: So you did. This does help me confirm some doubts I've been having. Not the biggest one, unfortunately."
    A" Is that... so?"
    "I try to keep my disappointment in check. Mr. Attenborough looks like he understands the sentiment however I try."
    A" I apologize, sir-"
    "Paul: Don't worry too much about it. You've saved Azzurra, and that's already a huge favor you've done for me. Not to mention..."
    "He slowly flips one page at a time."
    "Paul: Quite a sensitive matter, that Church-approaches-Aurora-members thing. Great tool in the right hand, if you get me. Not always do we have some corroborations handy."
    "Paul: I still owe you some gratitude for that. Now if there is some hypothetical change in the world in the days to come... your help shall not be forgotten."
    "If it sounds like a praise, is spoken like a praise, and probably intended to be a praise, then maybe I can take it as a praise. Yet I don't feel any less worries about it. It does have that veiled-threat undertone to my ears..."
    "Paul: But I must ask you: Did you find anything strange in that house that day? Anything out of the ordinary, or that worries you somehow?"
    "I rub my forehead. I was focusing so much on saving Azzurra and completing the task, and didn't quite pay enough attention to anything."
    "Well, except one thing..."
    A" I'm not sure if it counts, but Azzurra's tone was... odd that day. She spoke of things I'm not sure I understand."
    "Paul looks me in the eyes."
    "Paul: For example?"
    A" Philosophical things. It feels like she's aged by a dozen years over just a couple weeks."
    "Mr. Attenborough's eyes still stare at me blinklessly. A scarily inexplicable interest is what I get: as if a kind of hunger demon had taken him over with the flick of a switch."
    "Paul: I would be grateful for a little more detail..."
    A" She talks of the universe. How our life is largely meaningless unless we use it to solve the great mysteries of the cosmos.."
    "Paul: Is that so?"
    A" I've had to shake her out of it – persuade her that our lives has a purpose beyond what lies beyond the horizon."
    "Mr. Attenborough's brows furrow."
    "Paul: I see. That sounds both right and... wrong."
    A" What is the matter, sir?"
    "Paul: That altruistic science mindset does sound like the kind of person Hildegarde is, but not the person she shows. To most of our associates she is just this cut-and-dry evidence person, not a philosopher and even less of an altruist."
    "Paul: What are the odds my good friend would share her true thoughts to someone she would keep just as a guinea pig?"
    "Paul: Where could she have gotten such changes from?"
    A" You mean... you don't think Azzurra came up with all that herself?"
    "I shake my head. Then your guess, Mr. Attenborough, are just as good as mine."
    "Paul: I'll take this under advise. Seem like we've just answered one question only to find ourselves with a bigger one."
    "I admit, even with her confession in the forest under the rain, Azzurra's change was too quick and a bit on the incredible side,"
    A" What would you suggest I do, sir? About Azzurra..."
    "Paul: At present? Nothing. You don't need to worry too much about her."
    A" But why? She is still threatened-"
    "Paul: To most people I'd say 'you'll thank me when the time comes'. But I know you won't like hearing that."
    A"..."
    "I won't like it so much, my good gentleman, I would have punched you in the face had you said so."
    "Paul: So I will tell you that Azzurra is being protected. By whom and how? That's a matter of utmost secrecy."
    A" And... Hanes? How should we handle him?"
    "Paul: What about him?"
    A" We've had a... run-in with him. His true self. I doubt we'll ever be friends again from now on."
    "Paul claps his hands and nods sagaciously."
    "Paul: I see. It's always an unpleasant thing, losing a friend like you did. Though not entirely without warning."
    A" Not without warning?"
    "Paul: You know the common wisdom. Raise a child in hatred and spite and he will repay society with the same."
    "I am not sure if he meant those words as an accusation against me, yet I can't help thinking as much."
    "Have I been a good friend to Hanes?"
    "I've been asking myself that much – between worrying about my future with Azzurra (if all goes well) and worrying about the event that stands in our way tomorrow."
    "The answer is no."
    "The little things I didn't notice when it happened."
    "The tiniest disdain I shot him without a thought."
    "Even the malice I meant at the time."
    "Everything I threw at a Hanes who could not properly defend himself against a me who was simply superior to him in all things but the initiate's habit he wore."
    "They will likely haunt me till the rest of my days, even if I can find my own happiness with Azzurra."
    A" Can I still help him somehow?"
    "Paul: I wouldn't bother trying. Your old friend Hanes has got a rather terminal case of megalomania. Thinks he knows all that there is to know about the Church and Aurora. In truth... he knows less than you do."
    "Paul: There are forces at work you won't know until it hits you in the face."
    A" 'Forces'?"
    "Paul: Let's say every organization in existence has a wealth of skeletons in their figurative closets that outsiders and newcomers aren't aware of.  "
    "Paul: For the likes of the Church and to a lesser extent ourselves? That's not a few skeletons, but an entire cemetery."
    "Paul: Hanes seems to take everyone for fools. That he's the only one with a brain. Silly, and rather pitiable."
    "He clicks his tongue, and drops a thin smirk."
    "Paul: Think for yourself what this means."
    "He pats me on the shoulder."
    "Paul: Now if you are truly worried about Azzurra, then behave as per normal tomorrow and cause no trouble. Otherwise you'd be breaking things rather than mending them."
    "He must have seen my woes by now, and therefore his words sounds like both a reassurance... and something of a warning."
    A" … I see."
    "It is difficult enough for a very burdened Anatolio Pietro to breathe out as much."
    "Burdened by guilt, and without much to bargain with."
    "Paul: But rest assured: You are not unneeded, my friend."
    "(Jump OutIF 6.1)"
    "(Else:)"
    A" I'm... sorry, sir. I... didn't find anything."
    "Paul: Truly?"
    A" I'm afraid so."
    A" I didn't have enough time. I could only save Azzurra from that place!"
    "For a long while the man looks at me, a scowl on his face – just for a second or so."
    "Just enough to let me know: I've failed."
    "Paul: I see."
    A" I... am sorry."
    "Paul: My fault, not yours. I tasked you with a job too tough."
    "An euphemism for “You're a disappointment”. So subtle, yet so biting."
    ""
    "Paul: But never you mind. You saved Azzurra without causing further trouble. Not all failures are created equal, thankfully."
    A" Then... what would you have me do next?"
    "Paul: Nothing."
    "Paul: Though I would watch my steps if I were you. Sorry to say, but given the last incident I can't quite protect you if things happen."
    A" Things?"
    "Paul: You're being watched, sans good feeling, by Church and a good part of Aurora alike. Enough said."
    "A hand falls on my shoulder before I feel the heat drain from my face."
    "Paul: Look at you."
    "Paul: Breathe in. Breathe out. Steady yourself!"
    "Unconsciously I do as I am told."
    "Paul: Calmed down yet?"
    A" … Sir."
    "My head is spinning. I thought I can literally see pieces of reality peeling away. They might as well be: if my screw-up is as bad as I think it is."
    "Paul: Alright. Hear me out. This is what you absolutely have to do now: Attend the ceremony. Pretend nothing has happened. If you cause no more trouble in the festival, on my honor, all will be well."
    A" But what of Azzurra? She still doesn't-"
    "Paul: Never you mind about that."
    A" But why? She's not out of trouble yet!"
    "Paul:  To most people I'd say 'you'll thank me when the time comes'. But I know you won't like hearing that."
    A"..."
    "I really want to protest, but then my inner wisdom is shouting “You and whose army?”"
    "Paul: So I will tell you that Azzurra is being protected. By whom and how? That's a matter of utmost secrecy."
    "He pats me on the shoulder."
    "Paul: Now if you are truly worried about Azzurra, then behave as per normal tomorrow and cause no trouble. Otherwise you'd be breaking things rather than mending them."
    "He must have seen my woes by now, and therefore his words sounds like both a reassurance... and something of a warning."
    A" … I see."
    "It is difficult enough for a very burdened Anatolio Pietro to breathe out as much."
    "Burdened by guilt, and without much to bargain with."
    "Paul: Do what I say, and you still have room to prove yourself."
    "(Jump OutIf 6.1)"
    "***"
    "OutIF 6.1"
    "(If Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo =1 AND Hanes.Truth = 0)"
    "Cảnh: Lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Morning of the Day. Anatolio, reporting in."
    "All... is not well."
    "If someone had told me two week ago that there would be a time my parents' shouting would sound so surreal, I would have laughed him off."
    "And now, here I am, looking at and listening to everything as if they were all otherworldly. Like I've gone to a new world with new worries and challenges, and forced now to look back at the world I have left, and those still stuck in it."
    "But to focus on the positive: The streets are so beautiful today. So beautiful as to be contradictory."
    "The festival shall take place at the central piazza. Every road leading there has been elegantly decorated: flowers and banners and the sign of the Holy Light."
    "They've put up a series of great arches along the main street. Not a scrap of litter anywhere, nor a single open shop. Every eyes are supposed to be on a large stage at the center of the piazza, under which a huge altar has been erected under the great statue of the Creator's Court."
    "The Creator Meyr stands in the middle of the statue, his great blade pointing down at the altar. Looks like I shall be standing right about there. He shall be the judge as to whether I am deserving of being human or not."
    "To think of it, one of the most sacred moment in a person's life is supposed to be the scariest. Being a grown and accepted citizen, well, that's meant to be a privilege, not a right, and can be revoked if you do not live up to it."
    "But then it's not all gloomy and stiff-necked, you see."
    "The shops that have closed? Well, that's because lots and lots of little tents have been put up around the altar. Ceremony for us and a grand fair for the rest: food and games and fun, and even tents where venerable fathers would take the time to debate the sacred scripture to the pious who would hear their theological thoughts."
    "The aroma of sweets and pastries and flowers and perfumes and sacred candle... You've got to be there to know such atmosphere does exist in this boring mortal coil."
    "Everyone can enter the piazza as they please, though the grand stage is barred to all until the moment. A dozen ceremonial Templars in mail and tabard and all the panoplies of war stand guard, still as a row of live-sized statues."
    "For a while I stand before the grand stage. It's still rather early, but I'm still joined by some dozens my age: male and female, thin and pudgy, dwarvishly short to twiggily tall..."
    "Once every so often one would nervously approach the guards and show their medals. “Come back later” was all they got. That's right, we're all too early."
    "I look around the place. My face heats up."
    "Azzurra is nowhere in sight. And not because I haven't looked either."
    "Her signature blue skirt and golden hair can't so easily melt into the crowd."
    "I'm still looking around... when a hand taps on my shoulder."
    H" Oh! A g-g-guest for good old Hanes!"
    A" … Mornin'."
    A" Nice clothes."
    H" B-but of course! M-my big job t'day!"
    "I don't think I've ever seen Hanes so happy. I'm happy for him, and would be much happier if I weren't so preoccupied by Azzurra's problem."
    H" W-what's up? Ready for the Bi-Big Day?"
    A" Not...exactly. Not yet."
    H" Eh? S-something's the mat-matter?"
    A" ..."
    H" B-but of course. I've b-been your friend for all t-these years, of c-course I know!"
    H" Azu's problem, no?"
    A" … Yeah."
    H" N-nothing's the matter, I a-a-assure you! Azu's f-family will h-handle everything! They pr-promised as much to your p-parents and Father F-Fredo, d-didn't they?"
    "Hanes does look rather well-placated. Looks like he is still blissfully unaware of the troubles over the past few days."
    A" Would be good if that is true. But what if Azzurra's aunt and uncle are fakes?"
    "Hanes rolls his eyes at me."
    H" Y-you are acc-accusing the Church, are y-you, An-Anatolio?"
    A" T-that's not what I mean! Though..."
    "I feel a cold draft up my back. I was being a fool: Hanes is, after all, part of the clergy. Telling him the truth is going to do me a lot of harm!"
    H" T-though?"
    A" Nothing, nothing much. I'm just wondering if they can actually go to the City in time for the Azzurra's ceremony."
    H" Hah! That's a g-good one. We are n-not going to ab-abandon th-those brave souls who b-boldly stare ev-evil in the eyes out there. There will be a w-way for Azzurra. C-certainly!"
    "Hanes' eyes look narrower than they normally are. I can't help but feel unsure: unsure if he's telling the truth or not."
    H" Y-you are overth-overthinking things. L-listen to me, just re-relax. All sh-shall be well."
    A" That would be good..."
    H" T-Trust me! The Creator s-sees all!"
    A" Mmm..."
    H" Oh well… W-why not go e-enjoy yourself unt-until the time? Will be s-so crowded ar-around here later!"
    A" Right, right, right. So, uh... don't let me keep you!"
    "I've never quite been a good actor, and I'm sweating profusely as I speak. Hanes looks at me, as if saying “I know what you hide”. Then he walks towards the stage, and disappears behind the row of Templars with an air of haughtiness about him."
    "Hanes? Planning something? No, hiding something? Are you still our friend?"
    "And then my mind wanders to the obvious. Azzurra! No, now it's all clear something has gone terribly wrong!"
    "I have to look for her, that's the only thing on top of my mind."
    "And there's only one place I can do that: The chapel!"
    "(Jump Church.Resolution)"
    "***"
    "(If Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 0 AND Hanes.Truth = 1)"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Morning of the Day. Anatolio, reporting in."
    "All... is not well."
    "	So, whatever that comes, shall come."
    "Here comes the Festival a-knocking, and needless to say? I'm all the less happy for it."
    "But today, just today, I can't let myself be consumed by this gloominess. If I look even remotely unhappy, the happy fellow with a family and a medal and an invitation, what would Azzurra think?"
    "My first order of business is to somehow get Azzurra out of the house. Easier said than done."
    Az" … I don't think so, Ana."
    A" What do you mean 'I don't think so'? You have to go today!"
    Az" And for what? I don't have an invitation either way-"
    A" But you can't sit here either! You know me, right? Giving up without a fight is not in my dictionary!"
    Az" Even so... wouldn't it be foolhardy jumping into a fight you cannot win?"
    A" Who tells you it's a fight we can't win?"
    Az" …. Logic?"
    A" Alright, logic, Azzurra. Try using that to explain like everything that has happened so far."
    "Azzurra stares at the wooden flooring, and rubs her foot against it."
    Az" It actually works out alright. Think about it, Anatolio, everything makes some sort of sense. Only... well, we only find it illogical if we don't have the whole picture. Right?"
    A" Well, true, I'll give you that, but how are we supposed to know everything? Who knows? What if there is something in this business both you and I haven't been aware of just yet?"
    "My hand quickly reach for my mouth. Just a little more, and I would have spilled the beans on what Mr. Attenborough said."
    "Fortunately. Azzurra doesn't look like she's paying attention to my oddity. She rubs her temple, and suddenly finds the window-sill all too mesmerizing."
    Az" …"
    A" Well? Finally seen the light? Then let's go for it!"
    Az" Right, right, right. I'll go! But I'm not putting my dinner money on a miracle!"
    Az" You too, Anatolio. Let's not put so much hope in it. There aren't that many miracles to go around."
    Az"... as otherwise, everything would have unraveled along an entirely different route."
    A" What's the objection again, Azzurra?"
    Az" Oh, nothing. Nothing. Nothing to worry about!"
    "She looks me in the eyes and waves her hands."
    Az" Now show yourself out! A lady's got to change!"
    "I found myself kicked out of the room before I can say 'yes' or 'no'."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Let us focus on the positive: The streets are so beautiful today. So beautiful as to be contradictory."
    "The festival shall take place at the central piazza. Every road leading there has been elegantly decorated: flowers and banners and the sign of the Holy Light."
    "They've put up a series of great arches along the main street. Not a scrap of litter anywhere, nor a single open shop. Every eyes are supposed to be on a large stage at the center of the piazza, under which a huge altar has been erected under the great statue of the Creator's Court."
    "The Creator Meyr stands in the middle of the statue, his great blade pointing down at the altar. Looks like I shall be standing right about there. He shall be the judge as to whether I am deserving of being human or not."
    "Azzurra looks up at the statue, then bends her neck and clasps her hands."
    A" Azu... mind if I ask something odd?"
    A" How much stock do you put on the deities?"
    Az" Say wha-?"
    "Azzurra stares at me, then back to the statue. Then she clasps her hand, then rolls her fist, and clonk! I've been knocked on the forehead."
    A" Yeowch! What's that for?"
    "Azzurra mockingly dusts her fist."
    Az" That's what you get for a strange question!"
    A" Ouch... is curiosity a crime these days?"
    "Azzurra presses her fist against my face, then withdraws it. Now there is this incredibly serious look on her face... like someone about to make a most sacred oath."
    Az" I do. But not like others."
    Az" I've got this feeling... that there's a special string binding me to the Creator. I can't quite explain how, but... I feel like I am guided. To do something He means for me to. It's kind of like being Graced... just without all the bells and whistles."
    A" Why would you think that?"
    Az" Mmm... Long story."
    Az" How about so: Think it a preternatural 'sense'. Which means it can be on-the-mark right or way-off wrong. Works?"
    A" In that case, all the more reason to believe that everything will be alright! The Creator's Court shall not abandon a lovable girl who have done nothing but show her intense faith!"
    "I'm not sure how serious I meant those words to be, though I do make an attempt to look as jovial as I humanly can. Yet Azzurra's face remains solemn still."
    Az" Wish everything were that simple..."
    Az" But alright, let's not worry ourselves, you said? Well... it is a once-every-decade festival..."
    "I swallow hard, just thinking of that once-every-decade part."
    "To think of it, one of the most sacred moment in a person's life is supposed to be the scariest. Being a grown and accepted citizen, well, that's meant to be a privilege, not a right, and can be revoked if you do not live up to it."
    "But then it's not all gloomy and stiff-necked, you see."
    "The shops that have closed? Well, that's because lots and lots of little tents have been put up around the altar. Ceremony for us and a grand fair for the rest: food and games and fun, and even tents where venerable fathers would take the time to debate the sacred scripture to the pious who would hear their theological thoughts."
    "The aroma of sweets and pastries and flowers and perfumes and sacred candle... You've got to be there to know such atmosphere does exist in this boring mortal coil."
    "Everyone can enter the piazza as they please, though the grand stage is barred to all until the moment. A dozen ceremonial Templars in mail and tabard and all the panoplies of war stand guard, still as a row of live-sized statues."
    "For a while we stand before the grand stage. It's still rather early, but I'm still joined by some dozens my age: male and female, thin and pudgy, dwarvishly short to twiggily tall..."
    "Once every so often one would nervously approach the guards and show their medals. “Come back later” was all they got. That's right, we're all too early."
    "Early or no, this is not good at all!"
    "And then all of a sudden, I feel a cold draft up my back."
    C0" Oh. Look who decided to pay me a visit. What an honor!"
    "I spin around. There stands Hanes, arms folded. Both himself and his two stick-wielding attendants are clad in garishly colorful clerical robes."
    "Are my eyes deceiving me, or are Hanes' eyes even tinier today than it normally is?"
    A" Hanes."
    "Not counting teeth-grinding, what am I to say to Hanes? After all that happened, how am I to be a friend to him again?"
    H" L-look at you, Anatolio. It's a h-happy day, w-why the l-long face?"
    "He turns his nose up."
    H" O-oh, but w-who am I kidding. It's Azzurra the Troub-troublemaker again. Am. I. Right?"
    A" Mocking us, Hanes?"
    H" Maybe. Maybe not. Truth, is what I say. If y-you're unhappy with that, w-why b-blame me?"
    A" And you have nothing to do with that, huh? Yeah, and I'm a flying unicorn!"
    H" I-it is as I said! I was only following o-orders! H-how can I... w-who am I to resist a direct o-order?"
    A" That doesn't seem to be your attitude back then, was it?"
    A" I dare you, Hanes: Look us in the eyes. Azzurra, and mine. And swear you were only following orders."
    "Hanes' tiny eyes widen. He shakes his head, and begins to giggle."
    H" T-the joke was y-yours, Anatolio! W-why would s-someone like me sw-swear a sacred oath ov-over nothing? That's just dis-disdain for the Creator!"
    A" You know what this will do to Azzurra, and you play your part in it anyway. Where's your conscience, huh? Eaten by vengeance?"
    H" Call it what you like. Oh, just a friendly reminder, the ceremony will begin in just a bit. You going in, or not? I mean you, not Azzurra, but that's so obvious it's insulting! To your intelligence!"
    "Azzurra's hand tightens around my wrist. Anger? Hatred? Or fear?"
    "But then a thought flashes to me. I stare him in the eyes."
    A" Hanes."
    H" Mmm? Something's on y-your mind, my dear ge-genius?"
    "He knows this. That's why he's trying to tick me off, that must be it. But I can't do that. I can't cause trouble right now, for my loved ones' sake. For Azzurra."
    "And then my eyes meet the two attendants on his side, and a plan springs up in my mind. A hare-brained one... but that's all I have."
    A" How long have we known each other?"
    H" … Ten years. Eight months. Twenty days and four. One hour and thirteen minutes as we speak."
    "I nod. If not for his newly acquired taste for power, Hanes could very well have become a mathematician – a better one than me, anyway."
    A" I have always helped you. Saved you from bullying. My parents consider you the second son they've never had. I never held any back from you – food to toys to my blood, toil and sweat."
    H" That's a long time ago... and you probably didn't mean me any good anyway. Like I said."
    A" But a good turn is a good turn. Surely the Creator dictates you would owe me a debt of some sort, wouldn't He?"
    "Hanes roll his eyes, as if asking “Are you serious”?"
    H" Well, much as I hate to admit... you are right. I do owe you."
    "Bingo. Show of hands, now!"
    A" If I asked you for some repayment, what would you say?"
    "For a second, his stare intensifies. But then he draws a deep breath: the two attendants are looking at him intently."
    "Of course they would. The Creator extols two virtues most of all: Mercy, and gratefulness. Hanes' pomp and newfound arrogance is working against him."
    H" … Anatolio."
    H" Ana, Ana, Anatolio... H-how dare you…?"
    A" Why would I not? If that is how you want it to be..."
    "Show of hands, Anatolio."
    A" Azzurra getting in, in exchange for clearing all debts – neither of us owing the other anything from today on. What say you?"
    "Hanes swallows hard. He's not looking at me now, but rather at his fellow clerics. They're actually watching him closely, with about as much interest as I am showing. Which is to say, a lot."
    H" Hah! Ni-nice joke, Anatolio. Nice joke, that is!"
    A" Not a joke this time. What do you say?"
    H" …"
    H" Alright. Let me ask you. What do you want me to say?"
    A"..."
    H" I can't say yes. You know it, don't you?"
    A" Look me in the eyes and say no if you can!"
    H" … Well, er.."
    "I place a hand on his shoulder. Just like the old times, I think. Let's pretend everything is like they should be, and nothing has changed between us."
    A" I've trusted you, Hanes. I still do. I still can't blame you after all this."
    A" If your conscience remains, you will help me. For me, for Azzurra, and for the love of the Creator."
    "Hanes looks at me. Mumbling something."
    H" Ha. Ha ha… Ha ha ha ha ha!!"
    "Hanes throws my arm off."
    H" That's a good one. Smart, as always, when you need to be."
    "Hanes' plans have never been perfect perfect, so that's no astonishment there."
    H" True. I can do something. But not something for nothing."
    A" What do you have in mind?"
    "He pats me on the shoulder."
    H" How much would you give up for Azzurra?"
    A" As much as I can afford."
    H" Be more precise. Money? Time? Blood? Limbs? Or your very life and soul?"
    A" To the point, Hanes."
    H" Here's the rule: If someone doesn't receive the invitation, that means the Creator's Court have not accepted them from the very beginning. But if someone is to make the final sacrifice for that person..."
    H" So, if someone about to undertake the ceremony would give up their own rights to humanity for the damned soul... well, They would give the wretch a second chance."
    "Now how do you ever justify something so senseless as that?"
    A" You're making that up!"
    H" Wish I were. Apotheosis, 8:31. Line three through five. Should have read the scriptures while you could."
    "The sound I just hear was something breaking deep within me."
    H" So, my dear old friend? How about that? Choice's yours..."
    "Hanes turns his back to me."
    H" You dare not. Of course you don't."
    "I'm not answering. More like I can't. No, more like I daren't."
    H" Read you like a book."
    A" Hanes... you are scoundrel."
    H" And you're an ungrateful imbecile. I am trying to help you."
    H" B-but that's fine. Time's not on your side, huh? Make your choice, and do it now so I can still do what I can. Ball's in your court, not mine."
    H" But... We used to be friends. And as a friend, tell you what: Forget this mess. Join the ceremony. Grow up. Be an useful member of society. And all shall b-be well."
    A" S-shut your trap! Azzurra, say something!"
    Az" … Well, why should I, Ana? It's your decision. Or... put it this way. I – Azzurra Ines – authorize you – Anatolio Pietro – to make any choice you think fit on my behalf... and yours."
    "Azzura: Do what you think is best for us both."
    Az" But if you asked me: remember what you told me."
    "Azzurra emphasizes every word with a throaty voice. No clenched fist, no grinding teeth, unlike me, but the way she looks at Hanes and I... let's just say neither should like to be her enemy now."
    "That means Hanes, too. He shudders through the colorful robe of his, enough for his attendants to look at each other confusedly."
    "So, again, it is up to me to resolve this matter?"
    "I knew this would happen – either this, or something even worse. Doesn't make my weight any easier to bear."
    "Who am I to turn to for a good answer now?"
    "(If Azzurra.Point <= 3:)"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    C0" Never you mind, Anatolio,"
    "?!"
    C0" Never you mind, Anatolio."
    "A voice, echoing deep in my head."
    "Sincere and saintly."
    C0" Never you mind, Anatolio."
    "Hanes?"
    "No, he's still standing before me, looking as annoyingly malicious as he has been since this business began."
    H" Look at her. Just look, Anatolio. Azzurra is important, true, but does she think a-about you as you about her? Is it worth it?"
    H" Choice's yours."
    "Hanes' voice grasps me like a hungry apparition. Color drains from the world around me."
    "… I..."
    "… I do as he says. I think. I close my eye, and I think."
    "… and I let go."
    ""
    "Suddenly Hanes' eyes open wide. It is almost as if his betrayal had never happened. For a second, he is just Hanes. The friend I've known for years."
    H" Anatolio. H-hear me, f-friend. I can f-forgive you. We c-can still be friends."
    "My arms fall. I look back into those eyes."
    H" Look at her. Just look, Anatolio. Azzurra is important, true, but does she think a-about you as you about her? Is it worth it?"
    H" Choice's yours."
    ""
    A" …"
    "Yes, True. Azzurra is important to me."
    "But there are more important things out there. My parents for one. Or my future."
    "Perhaps I've become a coward. To be more exact, the coward that has always dwelt in the deepest part of me is rearing his ugly head."
    "Cảnh: lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    A" Fine. Fine."
    A" … You win, Hanes."
    H" Good, good. Good! Y'know, we have ever been friends."
    H" Th-then sign here. Y-your invitation, p-please, and that's done!"
    "With trembling hands I sign on the list."
    "I don't know what transpires from that moment."
    "I do know, however..."
    "When the paper leaves my hand... that is the moment I realizes..."
    "Azzurra is no longer part of my life."
    "(Jump True End)"
    "(Else:)"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Faltering again, you wretch."
    "What did you promise again, Anatolio?"
    "It was you who told Azzurra to stand up and resist her fate! You who said you'll be there with her!"
    "Oh, but it's easy to just bandy empty words, no? You're proud of your empty words, sure. You even give yourself the right to judge those who don't follow that sort of standards you set!"
    "And now you're backing from it all?"
    "You're no better than Massimiliano Fredo? Empty words, that's what."
    "No. That's not true."
    "That is not who I am."
    "Not that I dare not give up. Not that I cannot give up. I simply must not allow myself to fall."
    "That voice is right: I've condemned, silently or otherwise, Father Fredo and Hanes for what they did. Oathbreaking."
    "My oath is to take care of Azzurra. An oath to Father Fredo, to Gramps and to Azzurra herself."
    "And to myself, too."
    "Cảnh: lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    A" I... am sorry—"
    "Hanes (cười khẩy): G-good, Anatolio! So, that's it, huh—"
    A" Wrong. I mean, to you, Hanes. The last apology you'll ever get from me."
    H"....."
    A" You've been till a few days ago a good friend. That much's what I'll think, anyway, right or wrong. Either way, I'll not take your offer, thank you very much."
    A" I'm not going to give up on Azzurra. Not now, not ever."
    "I give him a courteous bow. As much courtesy as I can give him after all that."
    "He stands there, eyelids twitching. He draws a ragged breath, and looks at me with disappointment. Genuine disappointment."
    H" N-never have you f-failed me this much, all those years, Anatolio..."
    A" Hence the apology."
    H" Empty words, my former friend."
    "He shrugs, and turns away. “You will regret this, Anatolio,” is what he would say."
    "Regret? No stranger to that. And not one to surrender to it."
    "After all, such threats no longer hold any water to me..."
    "Because Azzurra is here with me."
    "Right-o!"
    "Azzurra has been staying so silent for the past few moments, after authorizing me to speak on her behalf."
    "I'd thought she's no longer around. Ran away, or left for home, too tired of the turn of events."
    "I steal a glance at her, as embarrassed as a guilty child probing his parents' reaction."
    "Funny, what have I done wrong to need such embarrassment? Well, that's indeed the case, whatever I may think."
    "//Sprite Azzurra mỉm cười."
    A" Good morning, Azu."
    "Good morning indeed, my dear Azu."
    "Azzurra (tít mắt): Well done, Ana!"
    "Azzurra smiles in a manner not unlike an adult encouraging a child."
    Az" You've done a great job there!"
    A" Because that's me doing it!"
    "I thump my chest."
    A" A promise is a promise. Don't underestimate me so much!"
    Az" A promise needs to be fulfilled, yes?"
    "Azzurra presses her head close to my chest. Her eyes twinkle, and I can see more life in those eyes than all those years put together."
    Az" Anyway... want in on a secret?"
    A" What secret?"
    Az" Actually, just now? I wish you would have given the opposite answer."
    A" Wait, what?"
    "Tell me why she's still having such contradictory thoughts? Please?"
    Az" Because I don't want to see bad things happen to you."
    A" Bad thing? What bad thing?"
    Az" It is as Hanes said. One ticket between us. If it's you, then I'm out. I, then you're out"
    Az" We all know the kind of person you are. If you can do something for me, you'll do it. Rationality, consequence... you don't care."
    Az" Are you planning on giving me the ticket? So you'll stay out?"
    "That was indeed my thought. That touched my brain just a little."
    "Hmm."
    "Wait just a moment..."
    "Is Azzurra condemning me?"
    Az" I knew it."
    "She exhales hard."
    Az" Do you know why we've been friends – or more than that – all those years, my dear Anatolio?"
    A" Because... that's how it is? We live close to each other?"
    Az" No. That's because..."
    Az" Because I believe you. I believe you're worthy of my trust. Kind. Helpful. Dutiful to friends and family."
    Az" Your words are at times arrogant and hurtful, true, but I believe you are a good man because those qualities of yours. You said it yourself: You're responsible, you're resourceful, you will find a way out  no matter what."
    Az" But if you're no longer worthy of that trust – throw it all away just because of me? Thanks, Ana... but no thanks."
    A" … You're right."
    A" And dreadfully wrong, too."
    Az" D-dreadfully wrong?"
    A" I have no intention of throwing my life and my family away just because of you."
    Az" Eh... Hmm... Alright, well, Mister Pietro, what now?"
    A" We'll see."
    "I give her a shrug."
    Az" Wait a second, don't you have a plan or something? Haven't you been persuading me to fight against fate? I thought you've got something planned out! What's this about “we'll see”?"
    A" You know me. I like to make up plans on the fly."
    "I try to smile.."
    A" Calm down, Azzurra. We will find a way. We will find a way.  As long as we stay calm. Calm, and think clearly. Two heads are better than one, right?"
    "My mouth, honestly, is just shooting off there..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Well, who would think the “way” would come so quick?."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    C0" HEY, HEY! ANATOLIO!"
    "Well, who'd have thunk? Mr. Ascenderos, that's who he is. Appearing like the wind, an envelope in hand. Must have run quite a distance too, from the huffing and puffing and sweating."
    "Ascenderos: Now there you are!"
    "He looks happier than he has any reason to as an ordinary fair-goer. He shouts, loud and clear like a town crier without any pay:"
    "Ascenderos: Delivery for Azzurra's hands only!"
    Az" M-me?"
    "Ascenderos: Anyone else in this city named Azzurra, huh? Huh? Delivery!"
    A" Mr. Ascenderos? What's this all about?"
    "Ascenderos: Long story so very short, Father Fredo called on you just a while ago. Neither are at home, so here I am: the proverbial delivery boy for you lot!"
    "Father Fredo?"
    "So that's how it is. He was the only person who could have helped us, and he did as he supposed he would. He's saved the day."
    "Suddenly I feel rather guilty. I've judged him too quick. Maybe one of those days I should come by and apologize properly to him."
    "Ascenderos: You, too, kids. Misplacing things as important as the invitation and medal. Lucky you didn't get shouted at by the man himself!"
    A" Wait a second, did Father tell you..."
    "Ascenderos: Azzurra lost her invitation, that's what! To the Sun Festival of all things! Lass, you're more careless than you look!"
    "Wait a second. Something isn't right. Very not right"
    A" Is that so? But-"
    "Azzurra raises her hand behind me, and gags my mouth."
    "Ascenderos: Something's the matter?"
    Az" Nothing, nothing! My fault this time! C-could I ask you to thank Father Fredo for me? Thank you so, so, so much!"
    "Ascenderos: I'll do just that. You kids stay away from trouble now."
    "Ascenderos: Ah well. I'll have to get meself scarce. Been a while since I get to traipse around in the wealthy quarter, too! Say, 'tis a good time to go to that old tavern I've missed all these years, and come back all wasted!"
    "Then he turns around, and staggers into the crowd. Looks like alcohol's still his friend yet."
    "To some people, going clean means something other than 'going clean'..."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Only when Mr. Ascenderos has vanished into the merrymakers that Azzurra whispers into my ears."
    Az" Going to say 'something isn't right', aren't you?"
    A" Exactly. Why is Father Fredo helping us? And more importantly how? I thought the list has been finalized for like a month now!"
    Az" My thought, too. But then..."
    "Azzurra is just eyeing the invitation affectionately."
    "I should say something about her being cute without even needing to try. Guess I'll keep that to myself for now."
    Az" Gift horse. Don't look in the mouth. Says the old wisdom."
    "Azzurra blinks at me. Growing more savvy by the day, are we?"
    A" Flawless and effortless victory?"
    Az" Yay."
    A" Well, then, what are we waiting"
    "I give Azzurra my hand."
    A" Let's become legally accepted adults today, or bust!"
    "Azzurra glances at my hand. Our eyes meet..."
    "A smile blooms on her lips. A truly worriless smile."
    "Thought I'd never see that smile across her face again."
    "(Jump Church.Resolution)"
    "oOo"
    "(If Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 1 AND Hanes.Truth = 1)"
    "Cảnh: Lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Morning of the Day. Anatolio, reporting in."
    "All... is not well."
    "If someone had told me two week ago that there would be a time my parents' shouting would sound so surreal, I would have laughed him off."
    "And now, here I am, looking at and listening to everything as if they were all otherworldly. Like I've gone to a new world with new worries and challenges, and forced now to look back at the world I have left, and those still stuck in it."
    "But to focus on the positive: The streets are so beautiful today. So beautiful as to be contradictory to how I am feeling. Not positive at all, now to think about it."
    "The festival shall take place at the central piazza. Every road leading there has been elegantly decorated: flowers and banners and the sign of the Holy Light."
    "They've put up a series of great arches along the main street. Not a scrap of litter anywhere, nor a single open shop. Every eyes are supposed to be on a large stage at the center of the piazza, under which a huge altar has been erected under the great statue of the Creator's Court."
    "The Creator Meyr stands in the middle of the statue, his great blade pointing down at the altar. Looks like I shall be standing right about there. He shall be the judge as to whether I am deserving of being human or not."
    "To think of it, one of the most sacred moment in a person's life is supposed to be the scariest. Being a grown and accepted citizen, well, that's meant to be a privilege, not a right, and can be revoked if you do not live up to it."
    "But then it's not all gloomy and stiff-necked, you see."
    "The shops that have closed? Well, that's because lots and lots of little tents have been put up around the altar. Ceremony for us and a grand fair for the rest: food and games and fun, and even tents where venerable fathers would take the time to debate the sacred scripture to the pious who would hear their theological thoughts."
    "The aroma of sweets and pastries and flowers and perfumes and sacred candle... You've got to be there to know such atmosphere does exist in this boring mortal coil."
    "Everyone can enter the piazza as they please, though the grand stage is barred to all until the moment. A dozen ceremonial Templars in mail and tabard and all the panoplies of war stand guard, still as a row of live-sized statues."
    "For a while I stand before the grand stage. It's still rather early, but I'm still joined by some dozens my age: male and female, thin and pudgy, dwarvishly short to twiggily tall..."
    "Once every so often one would nervously approach the guards and show their medals. “Come back later” was all they got. That's right, we're all too early."
    H" Look who's paying me a visit!"
    A" … Hanes."
    "Looking at Hanes as a foe rather than a friend is strange, to be honest. No, he's not meant to be my foe. Just... a wretch, To be pitied."
    "A wretch who, nevertheless, can do immense damage if given half the chance."
    H" L-look at you, Anatolio. 'Tis a h-happy day, and you? Not looking t-too happy? Why not?"
    A" Come to mock and gloat, eh, Hanes?"
    H" S-still t-thinking about t-the unnecessary, no?"
    "Aanatolio: …"
    H" I-I-I've told you! I'm an ex-executor of a s-superior will! A-are you seriously d-demanding me to dis-disobey a d-direct order?"
    A" Nice joke, Hanes. Doesn't take a genius to tell you're pulling strings here."
    A" Dare you look us in the eyes – Azzurra and me – and swear you're only an innocent executor?"
    "Hanes' tiny eyes widen. He shakes his head, and begins to giggle."
    H" T-the joke was y-yours, Anatolio! W-why would s-someone like me sw-swear a sacred oath ov-over nothing? That's just dis-disdain for the Creator!"
    A" You know what this will do to Azzurra, and you play your part in it anyway. Where's your conscience, huh? Eaten by vengeance?"
    H" Call it what you like. Oh, just a friendly reminder, the ceremony will begin in just a bit. You going in, or not? I mean you, not Azzurra, but that's so obvious it's insulting! To your intelligence!"
    "Must. Not. Punch. Him. In. The. Face."
    "Yeah, that would just be counterproductive. I've thought quite hard over the past few days: not counting divine providence Hanes is the only one who can give Azzurra the salvation she deserves."
    "Against all hatred I stare him in the eyes."
    A" Hanes."
    H" Mmm? Something's on your mind, my dear genius?"
    "He knows this. That's why he's trying to tick me off, that must be it. But I can't do that. I can't cause trouble right now, for my loved ones' sake. For Azzurra."
    "And then my eyes meet the two attendants on his side, and a plan springs up in my mind. A hare-brained one... but that's all I have."
    A" How long have we known each other?"
    H" … Ten years. Eight months. Twenty days and four. One hour and thirteen minutes as we speak."
    "I nod. If not for his newly acquired taste for power, Hanes could very well have become a mathematician – a better one than me, anyway."
    A" I have always helped you. Saved you from bullying. My parents consider you the second son they've never had. I never held any back from you – food to toys to my blood, toil and sweat."
    H" That's a long time ago... and you probably didn't mean me any good anyway. Like I said."
    A" But a good turn is a good turn. Surely the Creator dictates you would owe me a debt of some sort, wouldn't He?"
    "Hanes roll his eyes, as if asking “Are you serious”?"
    H" Well, much as I hate to admit... you are right. I do owe you."
    "Bingo. Show of hands, now!"
    A" If I asked you for some repayment, what would you say?"
    "For a second, his stare intensifies. But then he draws a deep breath: the two attendants are looking at him intently."
    "Of course they would. The Creator extols two virtues most of all: Mercy, and gratefulness. Hanes' pomp and newfound arrogance is working against him."
    H" … Anatolio."
    H" Ana, Ana, Anatolio... H-how dare you…?"
    A" Why would I not? If that is how you want it to be..."
    "Show of hands, Anatolio."
    A" Azzurra getting in, in exchange for clearing all debts – neither of us owing the other anything from today on. What say you?"
    "Hanes swallows hard. He's not looking at me now, but rather at his fellow clerics. They're actually watching him closely, with about as much interest as I am showing. Which is to say, a lot."
    H" Hah! Nice joke, Anatolio. Nice joke, that is!"
    A" Not a joke this time. What do you say?"
    H" …"
    H" Alright. Let me ask you. What do you want me to say?"
    A"..."
    H" I can't say yes. You know it, don't you?"
    A" Look me in the eyes and say no if you can!"
    H" … Well, er.."
    "I place a hand on his shoulder. Just like the old times, I think. Let's pretend everything is like they should be, and nothing has changed between us."
    A" I've trusted you, Hanes. I still do. I still can't blame you after all this."
    A" If your conscience remains, you will help me. For me, for Azzurra, and for the love of the Creator."
    "Hanes looks at me. Mumbling something."
    H" Ha. Ha ha… Ha ha ha ha ha!!"
    "Hanes throws my arm off."
    H" That's a good one. Smart, as always, when you need to be."
    "Hanes' plans have never been perfect perfect, so that's no astonishment there."
    H" True. I can do something. But not something for nothing."
    A" What do you have in mind?"
    "He pats me on the shoulder."
    H" How much would you give up for Azzurra?"
    A" As much as I can afford."
    H" Be more precise. Money? Time? Blood? Limbs? Or your very life and soul?"
    A" To the point, Hanes."
    H" Here's the rule: If someone doesn't receive the invitation, that means the Creator's Court have not accepted them from the very beginning. But if someone is to make the final sacrifice for that person..."
    H" So, if someone about to undertake the ceremony would give up their own rights to humanity for the damned soul... well, They would give the wretch a second chance."
    "Now how do you ever justify something so senseless as that?"
    A" You're making that up!"
    H" Wish I were. Apotheosis, 8:31. Line three through five. Should have read the scriptures while you could."
    "The sound I just hear was something breaking deep within me."
    H" So, my dear old friend? How about that? Choice's yours..."
    "Hanes turns his back to me."
    H" You dare not. Of course you don't."
    "I'm not answering. More like I can't. No, more like I daren't."
    H" Read you like a book."
    A" Hanes... you are scum."
    H" Pot calling kettle black. I am trying to help you, Ana. I am your true friend right here, while Azzurra... remind me where she is again?"
    H" But enough empty words. Time's not your friend today, no? Make your choice – then I can do what I can. Otherwise..."
    H" But... know this, Anatolio my friend... we can still be friends. I've had no quarrel with you. You've largely been good to me while you aren't too busy being a jerk."
    H" So I tell you this: Forget about it. Attend the ceremony. Your intelligence will be useful to society. All will be well. Mark my words!"
    "He pats me on the shoulder... then disappears behind the row of Templar guards with a long string of laughter."
    H" Take care, friend."
    "All the muscles on my face tremble."
    "Wretch."
    "And Azzurra, where are you? What the heck is Father Fredo doing?"
    "No time to think twice! I must find Azzurra first; everything else comes later!"
    "Which means... only one place to go now!"
    "(Jump Church.Resolution)"
    "***"
    "(If Azzurra.Stays.With.Fredo = 1 AND Hanes.Truth = 2)"
    "Cảnh: Lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Morning of the Day. Anatolio, reporting in."
    "All... is not well."
    "If someone had told me two week ago that there would be a time my parents' shouting would sound so surreal, I would have laughed him off."
    "And now, here I am, looking at and listening to everything as if they were all otherworldly. Like I've gone to a new world with new worries and challenges, and forced now to look back at the world I have left, and those still stuck in it."
    "But to focus on the positive: The streets are so beautiful today. So beautiful as to be contradictory to how I am feeling. Not positive at all, now to think about it."
    "The festival shall take place at the central piazza. Every road leading there has been elegantly decorated: flowers and banners and the sign of the Holy Light."
    "They've put up a series of great arches along the main street. Not a scrap of litter anywhere, nor a single open shop. Every eyes are supposed to be on a large stage at the center of the piazza, under which a huge altar has been erected under the great statue of the Creator's Court."
    "The Creator Meyr stands in the middle of the statue, his great blade pointing down at the altar. Looks like I shall be standing right about there. He shall be the judge as to whether I am deserving of being human or not."
    "To think of it, one of the most sacred moment in a person's life is supposed to be the scariest. Being a grown and accepted citizen, well, that's meant to be a privilege, not a right, and can be revoked if you do not live up to it."
    "But then it's not all gloomy and stiff-necked, you see."
    "The shops that have closed? Well, that's because lots and lots of little tents have been put up around the altar. Ceremony for us and a grand fair for the rest: food and games and fun, and even tents where venerable fathers would take the time to debate the sacred scripture to the pious who would hear their theological thoughts."
    "The aroma of sweets and pastries and flowers and perfumes and sacred candle... You've got to be there to know such atmosphere does exist in this boring mortal coil."
    "Everyone can enter the piazza as they please, though the grand stage is barred to all until the moment. A dozen ceremonial Templars in mail and tabard and all the panoplies of war stand guard, still as a row of live-sized statues."
    "For a while I stand before the grand stage. It's still rather early, but I'm still joined by some dozens my age: male and female, thin and pudgy, dwarvishly short to twiggily tall..."
    "Once every so often one would nervously approach the guards and show their medals. “Come back later” was all they got. That's right, we're all too early."
    H" Oh, look what have we here! What an honor, Your Smartness."
    "I spin around. There stands Hanes, arms folded. Both himself and his two stick-wielding attendants are clad in garishly colorful clerical robes."
    ""
    "Now he mocks a bow in my general direction. Are my eyes deceiving me, or are Hanes' eyes even tinier today than it normally is?"
    A" Hanes."
    "I toss him the most hateful glance I can muster."
    A" What do you want?"
    H" Nothing in particular, except for..."
    "Hanes turns his nose up."
    H" … a rare drama about to unfold..."
    "Hanes raises his hand to his eyes, mocking a navigator scanning the horizon for land in one of those seafaring dramas we saw as a kid."
    H" About to unfold, I sure hope. Seems like the main actress is missing! Talk about killjoy, heh!"
    A" You're testing my patience, Hanes."
    H" Oh, forgive me, Your Smartness. What has your humble servant do to earn your ire so?"
    "“Ire”? Understatement. Were this an empty open space? I would have tackled him to the ground and punch the snot out of him."
    H" Such silence from the main actor. Say something! The audience are leaving, boo!"
    A" If you have nothing important to say, leave. We have no business."
    H" Oh, not interested, you say? Need me no more? The old friend who's been through thick and thin? Your yes-man punching bag?"
    "My brain feels like imploding. I'm not sure, again, if I am to hate him or pity him, or – like I said – try to punch the snot out of him."
    "I sigh. Part of me still cannot see Hanes as an enemy... though by all means he is now a bigger threat to me than that illness ten years ago."
    "A pox. Pestilence."
    H" Not even if I bring you a salvation for your dear Azu?"
    "Hanes makes a mocking bow."
    H" Your Grace, is that enough of a gift to land me in your favor? Or how else shall this humble servant degrade himself? Just let me know!"
    "Right. Hanes wants to help me. And I am a giant man-eating, fire-breathing ant. Makes sense."
    "Yet my unconscious self jumps at the chance. I can only say one word."
    A" Speak."
    "Hanes glances at the great clock tower behind the piazza."
    H" Hour's still early. Azzurra isn't coming even if you wait. How about I treat you to a drink for old time's sake? What say you? Pal?"
    A" I'm going nowhere. Either speak, or leave."
    H" What's the matter? Not every day you get an invitation from an up-and-coming member of the clergy! It's not like you need someone of my ilk to help..."
    H" Oh wait, you do! More's the pity! What do you say, huh?"
    "Enough of this."
    "I turn away. And I would just walk out of it without a thought, if Hanes didn't tug me in the arm."
    H" Such hurry. To where, friend?"
    A" To where I won't have to see your face. Unless you have something to say."
    H" Well. Very well. Very well then."
    "Hanes wheels to my front. His smirk has never looked more irksome."
    H" Concerning Azzurra. Interested?"
    A" …"
    A" Ha. Haha. Hahahahhaha!"
    A" This commoner must have heard wrong, venerable Father-in-training."
    "Hanes looks me in the eyes. Unfazed."
    H" Funny? Thought so. Probably you think, why should I do that?"
    A" Fool me once, fool me twice... I'm no idiot, Hanes."
    H" I have no need for that, Anatolio. If you recall, I'm winning this game."
    A" Too late."
    H" But of course, it's up to you. The Anatolio that I know, at least, wouldn't say no."
    "Mind games. Hanes has become adept at them. I haven't."
    "How am I supposed to respond to that"
    "No, let's think again. I shouldn't bother too much with whether I should trust Hanes again. Not going to do that ever again till they bury me six feet under."
    "Look at it this way. Can I use him somehow?"
    "“Use him”. Right. And I'm willing to bet my inheritance he's got ten ways to use me to every one of mine."
    H" So, what do you say? This shall be good, I assure you."
    A" Speak."
    "Hanes chuckles."
    H" That's the fellow I knew!"
    H" Hear me out. You – we can help Azzurra. There's a good way. A great way, if you do as I say."
    A" Which is?"
    H" Here's the rule: If someone doesn't receive the invitation, that means the Creator's Court have not accepted them from the very beginning. But if someone is to make the final sacrifice for that person..."
    H" So, if someone about to undertake the ceremony would give up their own rights to humanity for the damned soul... well, They would give the wretch a second chance."
    H" Apotheosis, 8:31. Line three through five. Just in case you don't memorize the holy scriptures."
    "I don't know which part of that rule has to do with the Creator being merciful and all that, but what do I know? After all, He works in mysterious ways."
    A" You're suggesting my humanity for Azzurra's."
    H" Precisely!"
    A" What do you have to gain from this?"
    H" Think for yourself – where would you go if you are no longer recognized as human? I know just the right people who'd gladly welcome you as family. Comradeship in misery, that's what it is."
    "I feel my knees wobbling. Could it be that-"
    "Just then Hanes draws closer. Closer than I am comfortable with."
    H" Imagine an up-and-coming priest with a puppet within Aurora... If he plays his cards right, it's child's play becoming a bishop, a cardinal... and beyond."
    H" And I... I have lots of cards. See where I'm going?"
    A" I don't know what you're talking about."
    H" Oh, please, Anatolio."
    H" Let's just say little birds can tell me lots of things people don't want me to know."
    A" You-"
    H" Rest assured, friend. Not too many knows of your dealing. Just me, and a few others. Others who, like me, think they can manipulate everyone else."
    H" Let's just say they underestimated me a tad."
    "So that is how it is."
    "At the end of the day, everyone, be it Azzurra, or myself, or Father Fredo... boils down to nothing but value in use to this wretch."
    "I don't know which is worse. Either he's always been like this, then I've been a fool trusting him."
    "Or he's just become like this over the last few... years? Months? Or even weeks? In which case I would be a terrible friend for letting him become as much."
    "Either way..."
    A" Hanes... you dastard."
    H" Compliments, compliments, been getting them everywhere of late. Can't be dastardly enough if I want to get some power for myself..."
    "What have I got to say to that?"
    H" Well? What do you say?"
    "He glances up the great clock tower behind the piazza."
    H" Look at the time! Say, we've got like minutes on the clock. Make a choice if you will, or let Azzurra suffer if you won't. I can't do everything, you see.."
    "My brain rattles and clanks to life. It presents me, on the fly, with three options. Neither sound any better than the rest."
    "It urges me to choose one.  "
    A" I..."
    "Choice 15:"
    "1. Do what he says."
    "2. Beat the snot out of him!"
    "3. Refuse to do what he says."
    "***"
    "Choice 15 = 1"
    A" You won. I'm no match for you."
    A" But remember this: I'm doing this for Azzurra. Not you. Get it?"
    "Hanes claps loudly."
    H" That's me man. That's me friend."
    "He stretches his hand out."
    H" Invitation and medal. Please."
    "I sigh, and remove my medal pin from my chest."
    A" Here. Hope you choke on it."
    H" That's a terrible thing to say, surely you agree!"
    "Stuffing all that represents my right to citizenry into his pocket, Hanes smiles triumphantly."
    H" The rest is up to me. You? Find Azzurra and bring her here, and be quick about it. You don't want your effort – I mean, our effort, to come to waste, do you?"
    "Hanes pats me on the shoulder."
    H" Take care now, Anatolio! Better do, you're going to be quite useful!"
    "My body trembles as Hanes vanishes behind the row of guards. Fear? Anger? Regret? Despair? All of the above?"
    "No, no, no, let's not focus on the negative! I have a job to do – find Azzurra, and quick!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Hurry up, Anatolio! I shout to myself, and dash through the familiar path across the lake."
    "Yet today the place is... not as I know it."
    "My path has been blocked by two unfamiliar shadows."
    C0" Anatolio Pietro. Stop right there."
    "I look up with a start. Before me stands Mr. Attenborough and another... wielding a long tube-like... thing. Neither look... friendly?"
    A" Mr... Attenborough?"
    "Stone face. Glaring eyes. Paul Attenborough looks to my eyes like an avatar of vengeance and judgement – harsh, and frightening."
    A" W-w-what's the matter, sir?"
    "Paul: …"
    "The other figure raises his black tube at me."
    A" W-what have I done... wrong, sir?"
    "Paul: …"
    "Paul: This isn't how I wanted it to end, Anatolio Pietro. Yet you... you disappoint me."
    A" I-I don't get it!"
    "Paul: The organization can forgive a lot of things. In fact, everything – except for two crimes. Betrayal and espionage. You know what I am talking about. You, and Hanes."
    "Wait, that's impossible! My knees wobble: How'd he even know of that?"
    "He turns around."
    "Paul: This is the end, Anatolio. We'll take care of everything from now on... for you."
    A" W-wait a second! Just a second, I can ex-"
    "CLACK."
    "BANG."
    "(Fade Out, màn hình đỏ)"
    "oOo"
    "Chương 7B: Elena"
    "Three years later."
    "Cảnh: Elena đứng trên đồng cỏ, cạnh một ngôi mộ, tay cầm một quả mặt cười. Bầu trời đầy mây đen, có một vài cụm khói cuộn lên trời."
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "One year later."
    "Cảnh: Elena đứng trên đồng cỏ, cạnh một ngôi mộ, tay cầm một quả mặt cười"
    E" I still don't understand what truly happened that day. Nobody does."
    E" I only know, that I would never see Ana again."
    E" Azzurra; the Azzurra Ines that we know, vanished also."
    E" In a way, that was good. For Azu and Ana, this world is not meant to be theirs in the first place."
    E" The peaceful world that I knew... that they knew, has died also. The time of bliss ends, in its place an era of renewed strife."
    E" I'm no longer the heiress to the Duke's estate, as the Duke himself no longer exists, a casualty among so many."
    E" In this tug of war between the Church and those who would see them overthrown, who would win? Is there any difference?"
    E" The dead do not come back, no matter who declare themselves the new masters of this cursed world."
    E" But I, well, I remember who they are. What they are. I shall bring those memories to the grave, as I will my diary and my many questions left unanswered."
    "Cảnh: Bầu trời sao"
    E" Such like, do the Creator and His Court know? Do they even exist?"
    E" Does it matter if I never get to know?"
    E" More importantly..."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "My mission is done. This time."
    "WAR END (DEATH OF A SPY)"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 15 = 2"
    "I grind my teeth. Eyes closed. A fire burns within me... an all-consuming flame."
    "I can't think any more. Neither do I want to"
    A" … Hanes."
    "A large painted stick appears in the corner of my eyes, on a nearby rack. My salvation. My savior. My deliverance."
    "(Fade out, màn hình đen)"
    H" Y-you... w-what's wrong with you?"
    A"..."
    H" H-H-HELP! SOMEO-"
    A" STOP RIGHT THERE!"
    H" AAAAAH!"
    "SMASH."
    "SLAM."
    "CRASH. "
    "oOo"
    "Chapter 7C: Triumph"
    "Ten years later"
    "Cảnh: Phòng làm việc (Có chăng một lá cờ nền vàng có hình mặt trời đang trồi lên khỏi đỉnh núi)"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Soldier: Reporting in, sir!"
    "Soldier: Mr. President, Sir! Victory! Victory at long last!"
    "Soldier: The enemy's last stronghold has fallen!"
    "Soldier: The last of House De'Rovere's cavalry have finally surrendered, unconditionally! It's over, sir, over at last!"
    "Paul: And the Pope and the rest of the Templar?"
    "Soldier: To the afterlife, everyone of them, sir!"
    "Paul: … How fare our brothers and sisters?"
    "Soldier: Battalion 30 took the brunt of the last assault, sir, and lost two hundred just yesterday alone. Battalion 16 lost eighty – fifty dead, thirty injured."
    "Soldier: The remaining pockets of resistance surrendered without much of a fight, sir, thankfully!"
    "Paul: It's been a long night, son. You've earned a good rest."
    "Soldier: Yes sir!"
    "The now-president turns over to his assistant, who has been waiting without a word on his side."
    "Paul: You too, friend. I wish to be left alone for the moment."
    "Aide: Sir, yes, sir."
    "…"
    "He reclines on his chair, looking at the ceiling."
    "Paul: Let's hope these are the last who have to perish in this war of ours."
    "Paul: Ten years... ten years isn't that long for a world, all told."
    "Paul: And you, too, Anatolio Pietro. You'd created a change you probably didn't think you would have. Or that you'd have to pay with your life for that change."
    "Paul: It is a pity, is it not? Such is the way of the world."
    "Paul: What can I say about that? Not much, except that..."
    "Paul: That which you haven't been able to do in your short existence-"
    "//Mode:NVL"
    "He glances at his oval-shaped table, upon which three sets of documents await his signature."
    "“RESOLUTION 19B-167"
    "ON THE POSTHUMOUS AWARD"
    "OF THE ORDER OF THE RISING SUN"
    "TO MR. ANATOLIO PIETRO, ESQ.”."
    "And:"
    "“RESOLUTION 19B-168"
    "ON THE CREATION OF THE"
    "EXTRATERRESTRIAL SPACE RESEARCH CENTER"
    " (AS PROPOSED BY DR. AZZURRA INES)”."
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Paul: Everything has been taken care of. Everything."
    "WAR END (REVOLUTION)"
    "oOo"
    "Choice 15 = 3"
    A" What a pity, Hanes. What a pity."
    A" Do I look like I'll work with a coward like you?"
    "Hanes glowers at me. For once, his stammering seems to come back."
    H" A-are you kidding, Anatolio?"
    H" You know what will h-happen to Azzurra if you don't do as I say, do you?"
    H" Oh, my friend, not being accepted as human, tha-that's not even the half of it! We both know... we both know what Aurora would do to Azzurra if they lay their hands on such a precious spec-specimen, do we?"
    "He may be right. But then, that is..."
    A" … None of your concern, is it?"
    H" Oh! Where's that army coming from, that you'll protect her with? Not from the Church, surely? Though the Templar might have liked another war, I must admit!"
    H" What can I say? You've ever been arrogant, Anatolio. Think yourself great. But you're not! Just a foolish boy, used by all around him... Aurora included!"
    "I give him the most carefree shrug I've ever given."
    A" Like I said. Nothing that concerns you."
    "Hanes trembles."
    H" You... you'll regret this. Regret I say! REGRET!"
    "Should I feel worried or triumphant? The latter, most decidedly. I might have been a fool, a coward and an incompetent wretch, but this is the one time... I am Anatolio the Bold."
    A" You done?"
    H" Y-you-"
    "Smirk. Wave hand. Look annoyingly victorious. Aaand... done."
    A" Good. Now go play somewhere I don't have to see you. After all, the Church wouldn't like a busybody priest who harasses a fair-goer instead of doing what he has to do... whatever that is."
    "I turn away. Walk away. And laugh like mad."
    "Perhaps I've well and truly gone mad. And that is good: Hanes has apparently counted on every possibility..."
    "Every possibility, except me behaving like I've got a few screws loose."
    "(Anatolio.Defies.Hanes = 1)"
    "(Jump Church.Resolution)"
    "***"
    "(Label Church.Resolution)"
    "(If Anatolio.Defies.Hanes = 1)"
    "Still... I'm not mad enough to not worry about the consequences of what I have just done."
    "The moment's triumph fades, in its place burning anxiety."
    "Azzurra, where are you? What the heck is Father Fredo  doing?"
    "OutIf Anatolio.Defies.Hanes = 1"
    "My feet take me out of the crowded festival and slightly less crowded main street. I cross the great bridge, cross so many streets that fly by my eyes..."
    "… and at long last, I am standing here, outside the chapel."
    "I half-expect the place to be empty. Normally you'd have a few elderly men and women on the bench praying and chanting, or discuss theology with Father Fredo if they feel like it. Today? It's off to the Festival with every one of them."
    "And then I realize, the place isn't as empty as I thought it should be"
    "Inside there are Father Fredo and… Azzurra. As my other half thought."
    "Father Fredo stands on the pulpit, where he normally is. Azzurra sits on the front bench, clasping her hand and bending her head. Everyone would take this for an average sermon for one extraordinary pious worshipper."
    "It is not."
    "Fredo: You are sure about this."
    Az" I am, Father."
    Az" I've thought this over all night."
    Az" What I want. What I need. Why I read. Why I like what I like, why I do what I do."
    Az" And I realized... if I want to see my heart's desire done, my home is in Aurora, not the embrace of the Creator. Then it doesn't matter whether I come to the festival or not. Whether I am accepted by the Creator's Court or not."
    Az" I can be a Chaosspawn or whatever, and it makes not one ounce of difference."
    "Fredo: I wish I can say I don't understand you. Alas, I do."
    "Fredo: But what are your plans now?"
    "Fredo: You'll not be able to stay here any more."
    "Fredo: And given your breakaway just now, I doubt Aurora would rather have you any more."
    "Fredo: Where will you go then? Think carefully, is all I ask of you."
    Az" I haven't thought that far, Father."
    Az" But I've thought this much: The world is so small... yet so large. Aurora or no, there are so many places unexplored out there."
    Az" I'm not so hopeless as to think there won't be a place that will have me at all."
    Az" Besides, if the Creator has seen it fit to saddle me with so many questions, He would have given me the means to answer them. So long as I care to look. Isn't that the case with the Graced, Father?"
    "Fredo: Still. There are choices you only get to make once, Azzurra."
    "Fredo: Don't make the same mistake as I did. Don't let one wrong choice haunt you till the end of your days."
    Az" I understand, Father. But I've thought all I can. What I want, I must look for alone.."
    "Fredo: Why are you so sure?"
    Az" Because..."
    "Azzura: Forgive me, Father. I don't know how to describe. I can only say my heart tells me that much."
    "Fredo: …"
    A" Azzurra!"
    "I run into the hall. With a screech I brake just in front of Azzurra, placing myself between the two."
    Az" Anatolio?"
    "Fredo: Not a moment too early, Anatolio."
    A" What's the matter, Azzurra? Didn't you yourself say, you'd like to attend the ceremony just a few weeks ago? To be normal? To live life like everyone else?"
    Az" …"
    A" Answer me, Azzurra!"
    Az" That was then, this is now, my dear Anatolio."
    Az" You've been good to me. Too good – I can only apologize for not being able to return your kindness."
    Az" Not without vanishing from your life, as soon as I can."
    A" But why?"
    A" I'm too tired with everyone keeping everything from me. Tell me, what is happening here? What is happening to you?"
    Az" …"
    Az" The reason is the great question I have to answer."
    A" Which question? What question? Is there anything more important than live a live worth living and be yourself living it?"
    Az" Well, there is."
    Az" If you were me, would you ever wonder why everything happened like they have?"
    A" Say what?"
    Az" Let me rephrase. If you were me, having survived all that I have, suffered all that I did... would you think someone, something has arranged everything from the start? Would you want to know what that something is?"
    A" Misfortune, Azzurra, that's all that it is. Not everyone's born lucky..."
    Az" No. If that were true, doesn't that mean the whole world is unlucky in one way or another?"
    A" Some more arcane stuff, Azzurra?"
    A" Let's think it simpler. Have fun. Eat well. Do what you like. Sleep like a spell. Life's good."
    A" Why do you need to think so hard?"
    Az" … It's hard to say so that you get it."
    A" You're right. I'm unlikely to get it. Yet..."
    "(If Azzurra.Point < 4:)"
    "Azzurra waves her arm."
    Az" I know what you want to say, Anatolio. The answer is no."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" You and I, we live two different lives. So different, it would be unreasonable to ask you to understand why I do what I do, why I think what I think... why I bear the burden I bear."
    Az" In that case, let's go our own way. You have your own life, as I have this burden of my own."
    A" But you are so important to me!"
    Az" Yet you aren't that important to me."
    Az" I thank you for your affection, and beg your forgiveness for not being able to return it."
    Az" Think of your family, Anatolio. Would your parents be happy seeing you give up your right to be a person because of me?"
    A" But that is..."
    "Azzurra shakes her head sternly."
    Az" How about we make it this way? If you don't leave right now and return to the Festival, I'm never going to forgive you. What do you say?"
    "Then Azzurra stands up, and turns her back towards me."
    Az" I'm not repeating myself, Anatolio."
    A" But..."
    "Fredo: That's enough, Anatolio."
    "Before I knew it, Father Fredo has already stood there, like a steadfast wall between Azzurra and me."
    A" Father...?"
    "Fredo: You can't persuade her, whatever you do."
    "He shakes his head."
    "Fredo: I wish I could have helped."
    A" B-but why..."
    "Fredo: Trust me. Your own life matters more."
    "Fredo: The festival is just starting. If you run back now, you may still make it."
    A" But I can't leave Azzurra here! I... I'll stay here, if she isn't..."
    "His eyes flare. With a whip of the arm, his huge right hand has locked both of mine."
    "Fredo: I can drag you out of this sacred hall. Or you can leave yourself. Choose."
    A" But..."
    "What exactly happened after that? I can't tell. When I finally regain some semblance of awareness, I'm standing outside the chapel."
    "In front of me stands the door. Barred, and unshakeable."
    "(Jump True End)"
    "oOo"
    "(Else:)"
    "Azzurra waves her arm."
    Az" I know what you want to say, Anatolio. The answer is no."
    A" Oh no, Azzurra. I know what you want to say, Azzurra, and the answer is also no."
    A" I was going to say, you underestimate me."
    "Azzurra's eyes widen."
    Az" Eh? What are you getting at?"
    A" I know this much, Azzurra. You've always locked yourself within a wall of your own making. A mask of silliness and carefreeness. Lots of books and stories. And so many worries about absolutely everything."
    A" Now you're giving yourself a shell of burdens you think nobody gets."
    A" What the world is, what its nature entail... you think it's your own concern and nobody else's? That if an Azzurra appeared without any sense whatsoever in this world, through arcane science or divine calling or whatnot, it's up to her to find out why?"
    Az"..."
    A" That's not quite right, is it?"
    Az" … No... That is... I'm not mistaken."
    A" Well, you are. That question is mine as it is yours!"
    "Azzurra's eyes widen even more."
    Az" Your question?"
    A" Why not? Because that is your question to ask!"
    A" Everything that makes Azzurra think. Everything that Azzurra asks. Everything that Azzurra forces herself to think. Consider them all, and more, to be undertakings Anatolio has to carry out!"
    A" Because Azzurra is important to Anatolio. The first reason, the last reason and the only!"
    "Azzurra shakes her pigtail."
    Az" You don't know what you're stepping into, Anatolio. This is..."
    A" Well, why do you think I know you were there, in that house, about to be made... no, make yourself into a test subject?"
    Az" …"
    Az" … Could it be..."
    A" Exactly, Azzurra."
    "I toss Father Fredo a glance with “Arrest me if you wish” on it, and looks her in the eyes."
    A" I now have this tie with Aurora. Their mission and yours, whatever they might be, are mine.."
    A" Whether I like it or not, I'm in the in. You can't help it."
    "Azzurra seems to be mumbling something. An objection, is what it looks like."
    "But then she stops."
    "She only shakes her head again and look at me, in disappointment and relief alike. Azzurra can be as mysterious as Elena once she so chooses."
    Az" ...stubborn."
    A" Say that again?"
    Az" You're the most stubborn, bullish, foolhardy fellow I've ever known!"
    A" Won't be Anatolio without that. Would I?"
    Az" What if I play your own game and not follow you? What if I do, and find myself stopped at the ceremony because no medal? What will you do?"
    A" If there's a will, there's a way. What matters is that we'll be together. I'll protect you – no, we'll cover each other's back!"
    A" Because you matter."
    "Azzurra doesn't answer. Or rather, I've just tossed a spanner in her thought process. Her eyes glue to the ground, feet rubbing against the floor, hands fidgeting uncontrollably."
    A" If... if you let me protect you, everything will be fine. Everything!"
    "I raise my hand to the sky, then kneel down before the pulpit."
    A" I… I can swear in the name of-"
    "Fredo: There's no need for that."
    "Down from the pulpit Father Fredo steps, waving his huge stretched palm."
    "Fredo: I've told you so often. If there's nothing important, never, ever swear an oath invoking the Creator or His Court. Especially not in a holy place."
    A" Well, Father, this is important to me!"
    "I turn to Azzurra, half exasperated and half pleading."
    A" Azzurra, please, say something! I'll do anything, pay any price, as long as you let me accompany you, to wherever!"
    Az" I can't be so cruel, Anatolio."
    A" Say what?"
    Az" I mean... I can take your feeling, sure, but how can I ever rob you of your future? If you're to go with a figure rejected by society, what am I to say to your parents?"
    A" …"
    "True. I may not want to admit it, but she is... right. I am an only child, useless as I may be. If I am to abandon everything, citizenship included, to wherever... what will become of my parents?"
    "But I'm not just leaving Azzurra if I can help it, no sir!"
    "And then Father Fredo steps between us, and nods."
    "Fredo: Suppose I can help you with that little dilemma."
    "From his robes, he produces an envelope."
    "Fredo: Azzurra. You might like this."
    "My jaw drops. Eyes, eyes in the socket, you deceiving me again?"
    "No. No they aren't. Not at all."
    "Inside that envelope is that thing Azzurra should have been given all those weeks. An invitation and a bright flame-colored medal identical to mine."
    Az" This... This is..."
    "Fredo: Your invitation and medal, Azzurra. Take it."
    Az" But... how?"
    "Fredo: His Holiness Himself has seen it fit to grant you His blessing. Take it."
    "Azzurra's glance dances between Father Fredo, myself and her proof of humanity... then back to Father Fredo again."
    Az" I... thank you, Father."
    Az" But... But I don't know... what has actually happened?"
    "Fredo: Need-to-know basis, my child. If anyone asks, there has been a mistake in the delivery. The Church apologizes for the delay, being as human as any of us. Administrative hang-ups can, and unfortunately does, happen often."
    "It takes Azzurra a solid while before she nods. She's certainly grown faster than I'd expect in the abstract thinking department – this time her nod comes at about the same time as mine!"
    "Fredo: All you need to know is to live life to the fullest as the Creator intends. You are no longer lonely. No, you've never quite been. You need only keep what you have, and all shall be well."
    "Fredo: Like I said. Let regret and the word “if” not trouble you in the eventide of your years."
    "Now that I've finally recovered from the shock, my brain whirred back into life. And what does it say? I'm so very happy, sure, and at the same time..."
    "Furious. Incredibly, incredibly furious."
    A" T-then why didn't you tell us before?"
    "Father Fredo could have saved us a million “neurons” (caught that word in Mr. Ines' book stash a while ago) had he only told us he's got everything sorted out!"
    "Fredo: A promise to the power that be. As I said, need-to-know basis."
    A" You certainly are..."
    "My hand trembles, every single cell overflowing with all sorts of emotions."
    "Fredo: As I said. Need-to-know basis."
    A" I... well... Thank you, Father!"
    "Wait, why am I so courteous instead of, I don't know, try to shout at him or something? Perhaps Anatolio the Nice is rearing his... nice... head again?"
    "Fredo: No need to thank me. I'm only helping myself as I help you."
    "Azzurra's eyes twinkle."
    Az" 'Helping myself'? Father, so it's true that..."
    "Fredo: I know what you're thinking. You may be right... just as you may be dreadfully, dreadfully wrong. I shall not comment further on this matter."
    "Then he looks to the great door to the outside."
    "Fredo: But that should be the end of that. There will be more time than you'd like listening to my rambling down the line till I depart for the Creator's Realm. Now you have to go."
    "Right, the ceremony!"
    "(IfHanes.Truth =/= 0)"
    "Part of me can't help but imagine how Hanes will look, seeing how we've made it to the ceremony and all. Take that, you dastard indeed!"
    "Out Hanes.Truth =/= 0"
    A" Then.. excuse us, Father!"
    "I spin towards Azzurra."
    A" Azzurra, we're off! To the horizon ahead!"
    "Azzurra looks at me. Our gazes meet. That's all we need to know."
    "She is smiling. The smile that has seemingly vanished for good."
    Az" Agreed!"
    "Father Fredo's voice echoes in our ears long after the chapel's silhouete has vanished behind our sprint."
    "Fredo: Run! Run for it! Creator willing, let my effort not go to waste!"
    "(Jump The.Festival.2)"
    "oOo"
    "(Label: True End)"
    "Movement 7A: A Dirge of Sand and Wind"
    "Cảnh: sa mạc"
    "Just a parting like any other, that was what I thought. What I wanted."
    "But the both of us knew right then, that this was the end. I would never see Azzurra again."
    "Azzurra vanished almost as the last prayer at the Festival was recited. Vanished from the Church, and my life."
    "Father Fredo brought Azzurra's whereabouts, or what she was up to – even whether she was alive or not – with him to his grave. His reasons for doing what he did, too, were buried with him as the undertaker threw dirt over his coffin."
    "The same for so many stories and secrets of the Templar and the Eyes of Light."
    "Mr. Attenborough kept his words. I became an Aurora member."
    "It was... the beginning of my end, by my own failings and mistakes."
    "Azzurra had been the only rein that tethered me to sensibility."
    "Without her... it didn't take long for me to forget. And with forgetfulness came mistakes, failings, errors... and irreversible choices."
    "Cảnh: con đường (mờ nhạt)"
    "At this moment, what is happening back there? I suppose the Church rules still with the supreme power over people's mind."
    "I suppose, back there, someone may even be cursing me."
    "In this lifetime, I would never know."
    "Dream? Am I dreaming? What is it that distinguishes dream and reality again? Are we not like two children on two sides of a single mirror?"
    "Like children, we play, without heed to consequences. We turn the unknown wheel. We press the buttons on a metaphorical keyboard."
    "Is that not the nature of sins and wrongdoings?"
    "Cảnh: sa mạc"
    "His eyes closes with a glimpse of the boundless horizon – like a lingering dream."
    "There, in the distance, םָאוֹר the puppetmaster approaches..."
    ""
    "TRUE END"
    "oOo"
    "(Label: The.Festival.2)"
    "Cảnh: Lễ hội"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    "We dash across the now-deserted streets."
    "Azzurra's dress is doing us no favor... neither is my best clothes in Mom's definition, which happens to be this ridiculously baggy robe."
    "And..."
    "The checkpoint is still there. The guards are still there."
    "People are just about to be admitted."
    "We made it!"
    A" Hurry, hurry, hurry, Azzurra!"
    "We run and run and run towards the checkpoint."
    "(If Hanes.Truth > 0:)"
    "(Jump Festival.Bad.Hanes)"
    "(Else: )"
    "(Jump Festival.Good.Hanes)"
    "oOo"
    "(Label: Festival.Good.Hanes)"
    "Hanes stands there still in front of the checkpoint, probably doing his job. His eyes widens at the sight of us."
    H" Oh? A-Anatolio? A-And... A-A-Azzurra too?"
    A" In the flesh, Hanes!"
    "I wave Azzurra's ticket before his eyes like a banner."
    A" Look what we just got ourselves!"
    H" T… this is... an invitation? Azzurrra's?"
    "Careful there, pal, don't want to drop your jaw now!"
    Az" Praise be to the Creator, I've got mine."
    "Hanes stands there, as if frozen for a while. Poor fellow! I bet he'd hoped to be able to give Azzurra a ticket himself, and never expected good old me to be able to deliver it."
    H" T-that's... good. Really good. Azzurra, may I have a look?"
    "I give both our tickets to Hanes."
    A" That's it, right? Everything done? Can we go through now?"
    H" …"
    "Hanes' eyes... are rolling?"
    H" Guards! G-Guards! A-arrest these crimi-criminals!"
    "… Wait, what?"
    "In a flash, we've found ourselves surrounded by half of the Templars standing guard over the checkpoint."
    H" A-arrest these criminals! For forging official Church paper!"
    "Forging? This is a joke, right? Right?"
    A" What are you playing at, Hanes?!"
    H" I don't play around with business like this. Take them!"
    "I can barely breathe. Could this truly be a forgery? Did Father Fredo pull us a fast one?"
    "No, that's impossible. Azzurra's paper looks identical to mine."
    "Besides... I hope, no, I want to trust Father Fredo!"
    "Of course, there's only so much trust can do when you're cut off by so many tall men in bright mail wielding sharp swords."
    "But more importantly... what is wrong with Hanes?"
    A" Are you mad, Hanes?"
    "He doesn't even look at us."
    H" L-look here, brothers! Forgery, this thing, and Father Fredo's s-signature's there too! We must i-inform the bishops and cardinals and His H-Holiness too!"
    "One of the Templars walk over, and snatches Azzurra's paper. His face is furrowed with so many wrinkles and there are ten grey strands on his head to every dark. He looks us up with those old-man eyes, then raise the invitation towards the sun."
    "Then he makes a hand gesture at his team."
    "As they gather around him, I can hear him mumble... certain words, his fave stony and sullen."
    "Eyes scrutinize the invitation, in the light and in the shade."
    "Then the whole contingent collectively stares at us... then back at Hanes."
    "Not a single one makes any sign of preparing to arrest us."
    H" W-what's wrong? A-a-arrest them, I say!"
    "Nobody moves an inch, but for throwing questioning looks at Hanes."
    "The standoff goes on until the old Templar walks forward."
    "He looks half apologetic and half disappointed, too, as he bows ceremoniously."
    "Templar: All due respect, Brother. I'm afraid we can't do that."
    H" What? W-why not? This is in-in-insubordination!"
    "Templar: This is a perfectly valid pass, and we are not going to hassle these perfectly valid youth for no reason, Brother."
    "I don't think I have ever seen Hanes so scary: brows standing on ends, teeth audibly grinding. If nobody were looking, he might as well have leaped in and murdered someone."
    H" Sh-shut it! I say it's fake, fake, fake! Hence it i-is!"
    "Templar: That's not how it work, Brother Hanes. To our eyes this is as valid as any we've checked this morning."
    "He points to the seal on the invitation. A bright, shiny, twinkling seal, that looks so much like fantasy to my eyes yet so real."
    "Templar: This is my fourth time doing my duty to the Creator, Church and City in the ceremony, Brother. I guarantee with my life, this seal is not fake, forged, imitated, altered or otherwise tampered with in any way, shape or form."
    "His finger stops on the edge of the paper."
    "Templar: If this were a fake document..."
    H" Shut up! Shut up! Sh-shut up!"
    A" Hanes, I... well, I don't know what you're thinking. I don't know how we've offended you or something, but we are friends, right? Can't we..."
    "Hanes' face twist. His hand balls into a fist, then slap!"
    "The old Templar staggers back, nursing the bruise on his face."
    H" Useless, useless, useless, all of y-you! U-Useless!"
    "In a blink of an eye Azzurra and I are standing in the middle of something resembling a comedy stage. Everyone converges around us in a large circle. Mumbles echo around us, and I can catch more pointing fingers than I'd care with just the corner of my eyes."
    "“Who's that? What's that?”"
    "“A fight? Someone said a fight here!”"
    "“Who, where, what, why?”"
    "“Oh, isn't that Brother Hanes?”"
    "“Tsk, tsk, so impious and improper, fighting here of all places!”"
    "“A bit too hotheaded for a priest, I've always said!”"
    "“What a mess, Creator forgives!”"
    "No, let me correct. We have no part to do in that act. Everyone has seemingly forgotten good old me and good old blonde Azzurra in her blue getup."
    "I don't care. What I care is what has happened to Hanes. Who is this thing taking his shape, and what has he done to my old friend?"
    A" Hanes! Hanes! You hear me? Leave it! Leave it! We'll talk later, alright? After this is over; but now we need to pass!"
    "Hanes ignore my words, if the bestial gurgle from his throat is of any indication."
    "So does the crowd."
    "“That's enough, Brother! Do your job!”"
    "“Right, right, this isn't right!”"
    "“Let them in, will you?”"
    "“Told you lot the idiot shouldn't have been made a priest!”"
    "Hanes' face reddens."
    Az" T-that's right, Hanes! This isn't like you!"
    H" …"
    "His knees wobble. Like he would keel over unconscious any minute now."
    "I lift a hand towards him. We've been friends, I should help him, right? Right?"
    "All I get is a loud slap in the back of my hand."
    "It hurts beyond the biting red mark on my skin."
    A" Fine. Fine, fine. Alright, then just let us in. Just let us in. Please?"
    H" … Go. G-get lost…. To all tar-tar-tarnations..."
    A" Then... well, I'll see you later. Promise!"
    "The Templars give us no more trouble through the checkpoint."
    "Yet the question hangs heavily with my every step. What has happened to Hanes? What's with all this? Is he still our friend?"
    "… Guess I'm not getting an answer now, am I?"
    "(Jump Altar)"
    "***"
    "(Label: Festival.Bad.Hanes)"
    "Just as I thought. Hanes has gone nowhere."
    "He waits there still for us, as if waiting for Azzurra and I to return. To give up. To surrender. To admit he won, and we lost."
    "Well, guess what we are not going to do?"
    H" Where do you think you are going, Anatolio Pietro?"
    "I summon all the disdain in me in a single look."
    A" Ceremony calls, Brother Hanes. Wish we could stop and chat, but the Creator waits for no one."
    "Hanes freezes."
    H" Oh? Really?"
    "Cough. Harrumph. He's been making effort at this “looking and sounding important” gig, I can give him that."
    H" Then... paper, please? If you have them, of course."
    Az" Here you go."
    "I can only hide a soft giggle as the color drains from Hanes' face..."
    "… which doesn't last for very long."
    "Hanes' eyes roll, and a I'll-murder-you smile appears across his face."
    H" Guards! G-Guards! A-arrest these crimi-criminals!"
    "In a flash, we've found ourselves surrounded by half of the Templars standing guard over the checkpoint."
    "Right. I almost forgot. As a cleric Hanes now outranks the rank-and-file Templars. For the superficial purpose of enforcing Church rules, they might as well be his personal army or something."
    "And he's enjoying that privilege a bit too much."
    H" A-arrest these criminals! For forging official Church paper!"
    "Wait, forging? As in Azzurra's paper is a fake? This is a joke, right? Right?"
    A" What are you playing at, Hanes?!"
    H" I don't play around with business like this. Take them!"
    "I can barely breathe. Could this truly be a forgery? Did Father Fredo pull us a fast one?"
    "Come to think of it, that's not impossible. Have I made the mistake of my life, trusting him again?"
    "No, that does make much sense! Azzurra's paper looks identical to mine."
    "Besides... I hope, no, I want to trust Father Fredo!"
    "Besides besides, wouldn't he have way better choices if all he wants is to harm Azzurra?"
    "Of course, there's only so much rational argument can do when you're cut off by so many tall men in bright mail wielding sharp swords."
    A" Tell us how this is fake, because we aren't seeing it!"
    "Hanes doesn't even look at us. He turns towards the column of guard with a broad beam on his face."
    H" L-look here, brothers! Forgery, this thing, and Father Fredo's s-signature's there too! We must i-inform the bishops and cardinals and His H-Holiness too!"
    "One of the Templars walk over, and snatches Azzurra's paper. His face is furrowed with so many wrinkles and there are ten grey strands on his head to every dark. He looks us up with those old-man eyes, then raise the invitation towards the sun."
    "Then he makes a hand gesture at his team."
    "As they gather around him, I can hear him mumble... certain words, his fave stony and sullen."
    "Eyes scrutinize the invitation, in the light and in the shade."
    "Then the whole contingent collectively stares at us... then back at Hanes."
    "Not a single one makes any sign of preparing to arrest us."
    H" W-what's wrong? A-a-arrest them, I say!"
    "Nobody moves an inch, but for throwing questioning looks at Hanes."
    "The standoff goes on until the old Templar walks forward."
    "He looks half apologetic and half disappointed, too, as he bows ceremoniously."
    "Templar: All due respect, Brother. I'm afraid we can't do that."
    H" What? W-why not? This is in-in-insubordination!"
    "Templar: This is a perfectly valid pass, and we are not going to hassle these perfectly valid youth for no reason, Brother."
    "I don't think I have ever seen Hanes so scary: brows standing on ends, teeth audibly grinding. If nobody were looking, he might as well have leaped in and murdered someone."
    H" Sh-shut it! I say it's fake, fake, fake! Hence it i-is!"
    "Would it be good if I rub it in? Heck, why don't I do it?"
    A" So? How goes it, Brother Hanes? All in good order, I hope?"
    "Hanes' face twist. His hand balls into a fist, then slap!"
    "The old Templar staggers back, nursing the bruise on his face."
    H" Useless, useless, useless, all of y-you! U-Useless!"
    "In a blink of an eye Azzurra and I are standing in the middle of something resembling a comedy stage. Everyone converges around us in a large circle. Mumbles echo around us, and I can catch more pointing fingers than I'd care with just the corner of my eyes."
    "“Who's that? What's that?”"
    "“A fight? Someone said a fight here!”"
    "“Who, where, what, why?”"
    "“Oh, isn't that Brother Hanes?”"
    "“Tsk, tsk, so impious and improper, fighting here of all places!”"
    "“A bit too hotheaded for a priest, I've always said!”"
    "“What a mess, Creator forgives!”"
    "No, let me correct. We have no part to do in that act. Everyone has seemingly forgotten good old me and good old blonde Azzurra in her blue getup."
    "Normally I'd take exception to my being ignored. Today? Well, I'd fast and recite the scripture more fervently than a cloistered monk in praise of the Creator for giving me this break!"
    "I click Azzurra's elbow. She nods, and that's all the sign I need."
    A" Oh?  If I'm correct, everyone, we are entitled to enter, are we? Are we?"
    "I wave the tickets of ours before the crowd like a banner."
    A" Look one, look all! We're good citizens, doing everything so lawfully, invitation and medal and all. By the Creator's law and mercy, Brother Hanes here should have gladly let us in, rather than cause such a mess!"
    A" This is an offense! An outrage! Let everyone be our judge!"
    "Checkmate, Hanes."
    "Hanes ignore my words, still if the bestial gurgle from his throat is of any indication. But the crowd, well, the crowd doesn't. And perhaps won't, ever."
    "So does the crowd."
    "“That's enough, Brother! Do your job!”"
    "“Right, right, this isn't right!”"
    "“Let them in, will you?”"
    "“Told you lot the idiot shouldn't have been made a priest!”"
    "Hanes' face reddens. His knees wobble. Like he would keel over unconscious any minute now."
    "Credit where credit is due, he has more fortitude than I do. If I were him, seeing everything I've planned for whatever reason collapsing like a house of card... well, I might have gone mad enough to drown myself in the lake or something."
    H" …"
    "I was going to say “Wolf's got your tongue?” or something to that effect. But then the kinder half of me insists that would be too vengeful, too vindictive... too evil. That's not who I am, it argues. I'm better than that, it argues."
    "True. I've got what I want. Let's give him a way out."
    A" Let us in, and we won't press charges. Can we?"
    H" … Go. G-get lost…. To all tar-tar-tarnations..."
    "I make a mocking bow."
    A" Then we shall excuse ourselves, Brother Hanes. May good health, fortune and success be with you in your noble capacity."
    "With Azzurra on my side and the sun over our head, we step towards the altar."
    "The Templars give us no more trouble through the checkpoint."
    "I swear one of them is even giving us an approving smile as we pass through the last arch."
    "(Jump Altar)"
    "***"
    "(Label:Altar)"
    "Cảnh: Bàn thờ"
    "Thời gian: Trưa"
    "How can I describe the atmosphere around the altar? Let's go with “condensed.”"
    "Two bishops in colorful robes chanting the scripture."
    "A choir split down the middle, each taking up a flank – been singing and chanting since early morning, too!"
    "From above, the statue of the Creator's Court gazes upon us, like mercy and vindication rolled into one (though that's partly to the sculptor's credit)."
    "To the lot of us who are to kneel down in the very middle, time has stopped."
    "My feet tremble with every step."
    "Theologians (by which I mean 'Father Fredo') say this moment, this very moment, is when the divine and mortal worlds become close as one."
    "Piety and impious thoughts alike will be accordingly infinitely magnified. Those whose hearts are impure would burn to ash as they approach the altar."
    "At least, that's what he said when I asked him a few weeks ago."
    "“Well, I've never seen that happen over the last seventy years of my life,” he's also said that."
    "That reassurance is hardly helpful to an Anatolio trying his darnedest to keep all emotions good and bad under control under that sun, in that air thick with sermons and incense."
    "We are among the last to perform the ceremony. That, too, is not at all reassuring. The bishops in their seemingly infinite fervor are still as solemn as they ever are."
    A" Relax, Azzurra."
    "I'm not sure if I'm trying to comfort Azzurra or myself. Probably the latter."
    Az" Will do."
    "Bishop: Giacomo Ivaldi. Michelo Piemonte. Secundo Badoglio. Anatolio Pietro. And..."
    "The corner of his eyes lift. For some seconds he stares into the list, as if he's encountered a mistake, or he's misread a name. Or both."
    "Bishop: And Azzurra Ines."
    "He looks her in the face, his hand drawing in the air the Creator's holy sign for exorcism before her."
    "Guess what? Nothing happens. Naturally."
    Az" Father."
    "Bishop: I see. That makes so much sense now."
    Az" What is the matter, Father?"
    "Bishop: Never you mind. It's good that you are here with us."
    "I narrow my eyes. Not sure what he means, though that seems... positive at the very least."
    "Bishop: Let us continue. As I said, and Azzurra Ines. Up the platform you go."
    "Bishop: Kneel!"
    "The last adults-to-be, left to right, one after the other, prostrate before the altar."
    "The two bishops wheel to our flanks. One begin walking down our front, the other down our back. One wields the holy scripture, the other a steel staff. The one places the book upon our forehead, the other pats the staff on our shoulder."
    "I am closer to the one wielding the staff. The pat of cold iron doesn't hurt as much as I thought, though I still kinda sorta lost my balance just a little – more due to being startled than the actual impact."
    "And then when the book comes..."
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "Everything around me vanishes. Everything, except the color black."
    "What..."
    "What is happening here?"
    "I want to scream."
    "No, I will scream!"
    "But then the surrounding shakes and tremble."
    "Like old paint cracking and peeling, a patch of black melts away. In its place, a blinding spot of gold and orange appears: A blinding sun."
    C0" Anatolio Pietro, I suppose."
    A" Wh-who's there?"
    C0" Stay calm. I wish not to harm you."
    "The sun widens and thickens, until the whole space around me has seen the light swallowing all shadow."
    A" W-who are you? What are you?"
    C0" I am that which is both myself and not. I am both here and not. I exist at the same time I do not."
    "	Curiosity overwhelms fear and horror in me."
    A" S-so how may I address you?"
    C0" Let's settle with the name my devotees gave me."
    C0" Meyr."
    A" Meyr? The Creator? The embodiment of Sun and Moon and Earth and everything in between? The Almighty?"
    C0" … Yes. That being... is me, at the same time it is not. But as humans are comfortable more with masks than essence, that would do."
    "My feet gives way. I collapse on my knee on what appears like the ground. I'm not sure what is chief within me right now, fear or honor in the audience of the Creator Himself of all beings!"
    A" F-f-forgive me, Y-your Holiness! H-how may I-I-I- this humble servant, be of-of-of service?"
    "The voice booms around me at the same time it rings in my brain."
    C0" I want – no, I hope you would take care."
    C0" Everything is just beginning."
    C0" I fear you are seeking an answer that is not meant to be. Yet in your free will and curiosity you will seek it regardless, and come close to it, and will even find one way or another it if you are resourceful enough... which you are."
    C0" I can only advise you to take care and prepare accordingly. This won't be the last you shall be in my audience."
    A" Lord Creator, your Holiness, I... I shall!"
    C0" Remember this: There is no right answer. There is only a suitable one. Remember this."
    "I would have asked more – and truly want to – had the ethereal space around me not collapsed faster than I can open my mouth."
    "I find myself before the altar."
    "The two bishops are still chanting."
    "Bishop: … The Divine shalt watch over your children, protect them for their innocence and punish them for their sin. Now they walk in the sun, as men and women grown, and..."
    "I look up at the great statue."
    "My eyes are blurry, but I am willing to swear in this most holy place, that the icon of the Creator in the middle has just twinkled once before my eyes."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: con đường"
    "//NVL"
    "It's been a few days since then. Anatolio Pietro has never since rested easy."
    "That strange thing in the ceremony isn't the only thing to occupy me."
    "I decide not to tell anyone, not even Azzurra, much less the clergy, what I saw. What I heard. What I got from it all"
    "Call it the remaining self-preservation instinct of a child. Suffice to say a troublemaker suddenly getting an audience with the Creator of all figures? Well, you don't need to be a theologian to know, this is big. Too big."
    "I don't care for and don't want to know what would happen to our society if I let this slip."
    "There's also that possibility I was hallucinating. I was stressed then, and tired, and emotionally drained."
    "This incident I shall bring with me to my grave."
    "Having said that..."
    "My troubling days have not yet ended. Far from it."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Trong nhà"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Mrs. Pietro: So... he's gone?"
    P" Gone. Last night."
    "Both Azzurra and I have been keeping our silence. In part because I am still having trouble believing my ears."
    "The other part? I – and Azzurra, too, perhaps – don't know what to make of such a “tragic” incident."
    P" Killed himself, that's what they said. Found him hanging from the ceiling like a strung-up sack. Scary stuff."
    "Mrs. Pietro: Poor lad. So young and so kind and so good and so promising too! Graced, and about to be a priest at that!"
    "It is Hanes. It is Hanes my parents are talking about."
    "Hanes."
    "Whatever his reason, after that incident at the festival he's become the most disliked person in the City for us. That's to put it lightly."
    "But then his demise is as hard to my feeling as anyone else's. Dad, Mom and Azzurra, too."
    "A long sigh escapes Mom's lips.."
    "Mrs. Pietro: When's the funeral?"
    P" They aren't telling. Either way I doubt they'd invite us. The Church wishes to keep this matter as hushed up as possible. Not that hard to understand, you see, dear."
    P" It's not easy being a holy man. Even worse when the Creator has singled you out for a task. Much better to be normal. Like you and me. And you two kids!"
    "Mrs. Pietro: Poor kid. Shouldn't have raised a stir that day. Caused all sorts of problems, too."
    "The word you probably want, Mom, is “trying to hurt my son”. Though it's perhaps for the better you don't know that."
    "Mr Pietro: Not sure how relevant, but you're probably right. Best not to intervene in the Church's doing. You and me, we're just plain ordinary folks..."
    "Dad snatches his cup and pours the content into his mouth with a loud gulp."
    P" What are the odds they'd canonize him? Martyrdom and all?"
    A" … you mean you think he was killed, Dad?"
    P" Oh no, no. I haven't said anything. Didn't know anything!"
    A" Sure you don't?"
    P" You're smart, kid, why not think it yourself? That ruckus in the festival? The talk of the town. Can't go anywhere without hearing it..."
    P" Best not to fan the fire of rumors, kiddos,.."
    Az" …"
    "Azzurra just moves her lips a little, but says nothing audible. There's this fiery look on her face, as if about to make a statement any minute now."
    "She does nothing of the sort."
    "Perhaps that's for the better."
    ""
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: Tối"
    "As I walk, a question lingers still in my mind: Why did I say yes to Mr. Attenborough again?"
    "Azzurra is safe and so am I. Everything seems fine. Life will be back to normal."
    "Well, except for Hanes, that is."
    "Even now I don't know how I should think about him or his end."
    "Once upon a time, he was my friend. Our friend. Does he deserve this sort of demise? Perhaps, but then if we are to condemn him, what about us, then? We were his friends, we could have intervened... and didn't."
    "But that's all I can do about him now: think, and like plain thoughts ever helped anything. Should I not divert all that effort to live, and live well at that?"
    "Which, incidentally, makes seeing Mr. Attenborough rather redundant."
    "Speaking of the man, he's waiting for me under a large tree. This time his attire consists of nothing but the color black: Black tunic, black pants and black cloak. Like one of those spies in a work of thriller fiction."
    "I can't help but shudder as he waves at me. Think of it this way: I am being waved at by what looks like, at first sight, a living shadow."
    "Took me half a second to regain my wits, too."
    A" Uh... Good morning, sir."
    "He nods."
    "Paul: Good morning indeed, Anatolio. Been good this morning, I hope?"
    A" … So-so, I suppose."
    "Paul: Heh, Look at you. Unhappy with something?"
    A" I... am not sure, sir."
    "Paul: Of course you are not. I would fancy a guess, though: You've heard of what happened to Hanes, haven't you?"
    "I bend my head."
    A" Sir."
    "It's not too surprising that he knows, at this point. The question is more like, what am I to say to that? Or more pertinently: Why does he pay that much attention to Hanes' fate?"
    A" … I have to say yes."
    "Paul: Now I'm not quite sure what to tell you myself. Condolences? Or congratulations?"
    A" I doubt there's anything worth celebrating here..."
    "Is he seriously meaning I'm finding it enjoyable that Hanes met his end?"
    "Paul: So you're unhappy."
    A" Not. At. All. Sir,"
    "Again he nods once, and there's this look of mild approval on his face."
    "Paul: Good, good. That's a good man."
    "Paul: But if you asked me, I'd say this is very much an unfortunate turn of event.."
    A" “Unfortunate”?"
    A" Wait, aren't you people related to this in some way?"
    "Paul: Well, well, well, Anatolio Pietro, hear me this, and keep it in mind: We are not murderers. Plus, I... we have reasons to keep Hanes safe. We failed."
    A" No way... does that mean..."
    "Paul: We have to suspect the Church did the deed. For reasons only they know."
    A" C-could it be that..."
    "A thought flash in my mind."
    A" I see. They want Aurora to catch Azzurra or at least make sure she doesn't attend the ceremony. This is what Hanes has to do, and... and he failed. Is this his punishment?"
    "Paul: Oh no. The Church isn't so low as to off someone for failing a task. I reckon there must be something else in this. Perhaps he knows something he should not. Or he's been trying to use the Church to his own ends."
    "Paul: Or worse, betray the Church. If you catch my drift."
    "That is certainly possible. Given what Hanes has shown? Perhaps he'd thought the Church is but a tool to be used for ultimate power."
    "Paul: In which case, I'd say, I agree with how they handled the matter."
    A" Hanes... you... are an idiot."
    "Paul: You still can't think him an enemy."
    A" I can't sir. I'd be lying if I say I feel nothing after all this. I'm not a rock."
    A" He was our friend, and I wish he would continue to be. Now he's no longer with us, there's no reason I should hate him.."
    "Paul: If he were with us still, would you have forgiven him?"
    A" I would."
    A" But that's not why you wanted to talk to me, right, sir? Not just about Hanes?"
    "Paul: But of course."
    "He passes me a small package."
    A" This is..."
    "Paul: A book. For you and Azzurra. I thought you'd like this."
    A" I... see."
    A" But what's the occasion?"
    "Paul: A congratulatory gift, if you'd like. You've just had a narrow escape... which is as good a time for a celebration as any."
    A" I... I think you may be right, sir."
    "I shiver as I speak. Without Father Fredo's intervention, we'd be... actually, I'd rather not think about that."
    A" Would I be right to think this a sort of welcoming package too?"
    "I'm not sure how serious Mr. Attenborough took me to be. He bursts out laughing one minute, then looks solemn again the next."
    "Paul: You've got a welcoming package all right. Its name is “Sun Festival”, and one way or another we've had our part to play in it."
    "Now everything becomes so plain to see. How it all happened. How we got to attend the ceremony. How Hanes' calculations were doomed to fail."
    "And how I'm standing right here, right now."
    A" Does that mean you've pulled all the strings?"
    "Paul: We're flattered, but ours is only a small part in all things."
    "Paul: The rest is up to Father Fredo and his old friends. They'd probably think Azzurra is still a valuable card to play."
    "Paul: They're not wrong per say."
    A" You don't seem to think very well of Father Fredo, do you?"
    "Paul: Because an old snake is still a snake. Massimiliano had better pray for death before we finish this war of ours."
    "Paul: But that's all I'll say about that. Don't want to take up the months upon months just recounting the ills the Templars' 'finest' used to do."
    "Paul: Today I come here with a question... and several offers, depending on your answer to that one question."
    "Paul: What do you want to do now?"
    A" What... I want to do?"
    "Paul: That's what I mean. Your plans."
    "I take a deep breathe and lose myself in thoughts."
    "Right, what should I do now?"
    "I haven't given that much thoughts, to be honest."
    "I'm alive, Azzurra is alive, I'm a legal citizen and so is she."
    "Further ahead, I'll inherit Dad's humble heritage and – my face heats up just a tiny bit – wed Azzurra properly (unless someone or something would throw a spanner into that, too)."
    "Beyond that? I don't want to bother myself with that just yet."
    "He must have read my mind or something, because Paul's face loses that solemness again. He thwacks me on the shoulder."
    "Paul: Well, well, well, thought as much. Never thought of that, I believe?"
    A" That's... quite right, sir."
    "My voice drops to a whisper."
    "Paul: Good news is, I've thought up some for you."
    "Paul: Join us."
    A" I'll be honest... I've thought of that too. But then..."
    "Paul: Afraid?"
    A" Sort of, sir."
    "Paul: Don't be. “Revolution” or as some would say “violent uprising” is currently far from our thought."
    "Paul: What we need is more research. Basic, fundamental research."
    "Paul: Got a team with us here, geniuses and brilliant minds, the lot of them. Can't have better physicists alive – they'd have gone way further had they been born in brighter times."
    "Paul: Einstein, Oppenheimer, Tesla. That's probably the sort of peer they'd have gotten were they to live in those times of booming innovation."
    "Paul: See my two friends? That's the kind of people you can expect to see: scientists, not politicians. Bound to create issues if you misuse them."
    A" What will become of them, sir?"
    "Paul: What do you think? We're not the Church. We try to maintain a lance between rationality and sentimentality. Accordingly they'd be placed in a position that makes better use of their expertise."
    "Paul: If you'd like, Hildegarde can be an amazing teacher for the like-minded. You'd learn plenty of great things. The offer goes to Azzurra too."
    A" But..."
    A" Actually, I've been meaning to ask this for a while. It's just that Azzurra's been taking up all my time, so I thought it best to keep silent..."
    A" The thing is, sir, I... am grateful. Very grateful. For what you've helped me with. I know your intention is good, and you've been good to us, too."
    A" But then from the start I've been a normal fellow from a normal family. What I have been doing all my life has been, well... eating, sleeping, playing, sketching things, and conducting silly experiments that were like child's play to you."
    A" You might think me brave, sir... but actually I'm not. Not at all."
    A" Joining you, well... I'm not sure if I have what it takes."
    A" After everything, I only want a peaceful life. A place to call home. Have everyone around me, my parents, Azzurra, and Elena as a friend of sort. Serious science is not part of that life."
    A" I just don't much fancy being struck by lightning or being burnt on a stake one day because of heresy, or allegations of heresy, sir."
    A" So... would it be best if we go our own way from now on? Pretend we never knew each other?"
    A" Again... I'm sorry. For being a disappointment."
    "Paul: No, no, that's basic human nature. You want peace. You want stability. You don't want uncertainty. I'm no stranger to that sentiment."
    "Paul: But sometimes there is no peace in stability either."
    A" What do you mean?"
    "Paul: I mean, my good lad, you and Azzurra do not have what you need in hand to fulfill your dream."
    A" Why would you think so?"
    "Paul: Didn't you want to reach for the horizon?"
    "Paul: How're you getting there? By broken-down bookshelves and aging book that may or may not be relevant?"
    "I bend my neck."
    "Mr. Attenborough's words are truer than I'd like. We don't have much between us: mostly my inheritance, which I'm not confident I'll do better with than my parents. Not enough to reach for the horizon by a long stretch."
    "Paul: What would you say if I said Aurora can help you with that?."
    "Paul: You saw our submarine. That was made a decade ago, and already an upgrade is in the work."
    "Paul: We also discovered your effort to explore the nature of the rivers practically without trying."
    "He stops just for a blink of an eye. In that blink he examines me from top to toe: the contemplation only ends with a quiet harrumph."
    "Paul: Let's just say materiel of all kinds, for transportation, science and war alike... if you can draw up a blueprint, we can make them."
    "Paul: We're no longer living in those dark days where the Church are free to murder everyone and anyone they like and we can't do a thing about it."
    "Paul: What we do lack is human capital. That, too, will change in a generation or two. Curiosity is so central to the human psyche, that after a while there's not a thing you can do to bind it, not through religious dogma at any rate."
    "Paul: If you should care to join? You'll be protected, and given all that you need to realize that dream you and Azzurra have been nurturing."
    A" But you said you tried to protect Hanes... and it didn't work out!"
    "Paul: That's different. Hanes is not one of us. We can only do as much as we reasonably should."
    "Paul: You and Azzurra? Much different."
    "Paul: I strongly suspect there will be a time we will have to count on you. You'll have access to privileges even I don't have."
    A" I... see."
    A" Could I take some time to think about it?"
    "Paul: All the time in the world, lad. All the time in the world."
    A" May I ask you something... irrelevant, sir?"
    "Paul: Nothing is too irrelevant in the eyes of a trained mind. Shoot."
    A" What do you think about the deities? Are they nothing but lies?"
    "Paul: …"
    A" I'm sorry, that's probably..."
    "Paul: Well, to that I'll give you one word. Just one: “Agnostikos”."
    A" “Agnostikos”?"
    "Paul: “Unknowable”. A dead word, in a dead language from a dead civilization. Something deemed impossible to truly discover or figure out."
    A" But that conflicts with what Aurora is, doesn't it? Don't you exist to learn all that there is to learn?"
    "Paul: I've already said this once, I think. We're scientist. The first commandment in our figurative scripture is the admission that there are limits to what we shall know."
    "Paul: Take the Creator, Meyr as his tabooed name is. There's a possibility that something out there in this universe exists just as the Church describes it, and we cannot discount that very real possibility. The only problem is you cannot use the scientific method – yet, hopefully – to truly find out whether the truth is one way or the other."
    "Paul: We put such matters into the “unknowable” basket. Impossible to prove or disprove. Maybe it's better that way."
    A" So why fight the Church?"
    "Paul: Because that which they claim to be the truth is plain wrong. We could even live with such falsehood, if they hadn't been profiting from it."
    "Paul: Ah, I'm probably not the best to ask, out there. If you care to join? You'll be schooled in these matters and probably a lot more by the masters until all your questions have been well answered."
    A" Aren't you a master yourself, sir?"
    "Paul: Me? Hah, I wish. Compare to the prodigies I mentioned? I'm just a third-rate scholar, who happens to do politics and maneuvering a bit better than he does research. Fortunately there's some use for that skill somewhere..."
    "Options flash in my head, and at once I don't quite know what is best. Finally, I settle for the best possible choice at once: postponement."
    A" Then how should I contact you again, sir?"
    "Paul: Say, I'll give you... five days. I'll be waiting here for you, at this exact spot, after the moon rises. If you still aren't here by midnight, I'll take it that you have refused, and won't bother your new life any further. Deal?"
    "I nod, and look him in the eyes."
    A" Deal."
    "Paul: Then it's decided. Hopefully you'll make the best choice in five days' time."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "Time slows to a crawl as the weekend approaches."
    "Now the streets are rather busy these days, filled with lots and lots of people our own age. They take to the streets, to work, to the market and even to the tavern for 'real' drinks. Adults do adult stuff, that's the mindset."
    "Perhaps I'm the only in this newly-of-age batch to behave as I do: stay at home, and keep myself to myself."
    "I haven't spoken much to my parents, or spoken at any length with Azzurra. I don't even want to leave the safety of my room, much less go anywhere."
    "I'd like keep the door close, and just think."
    "About the events that have transpired."
    "About what Azzurra and I have gained and lost."
    "And most importantly? About what we, no, I should do now."
    "At the end of the day, my survival instinct forces me to meld into the crowd. At any rate Azzurra and I were the topic of much gossip: two abnormal kids who took the ceremony under abnormal circumstances, who may or may not have ties with other abnormal folks. To say nothing about Hanes."
    "Yes, Hanes. Old friend, let's say you've left us a complicated heritage."
    "His passing once again puts us in the spotlight. We were, after all, his best – only – friends,  and the last people he picked a fight with."
    "Were life a detective novel, we'd be finding ourselves facing a stern-faced, twirly-stached detective armed with a monocle and a lifetime's supply of tobacco trying to pry the hypothetical truth out of us."
    "But I'm sure that won't happen. It's bound to be soon forgotten."
    "Because the Church keeps its silence on the matter, and maintains it that way."
    "So if I am to mix into the crowd, everything will perhaps be alright."
    "Certainly, I think to myself, that's the best way."
    "Thinking so, I force myself to leave the house everyday."
    "Looking for a new place to work. That's right. Work. Employment."
    "Makes sense, right? I'm a grown man, and have well outgrown that job as a waiter in Mr. Ascenderos' tea shop."
    "But then both my parents and I are well aware that bringing my gloomy face into any business at all, asking for the lowest of low jobs, they'd laugh at my face and show me the door. The back door."
    "What I really do is to walk from one end of the City to the other and back."
    "Walk. Just walk. Just walk as fast as I can, eyes planted on the cobblestone. I'm a busy man. Lots of things to do... to work for."
    "I'm a very important man. Important and busy, that's right. Think that to myself, and maybe it will become true, who knows?"
    "But then today I stop before Azzurra's doors once again."
    "Deep inside I feel like punching the cowardly Anatolio that is ruling me these days."
    "How could I have not spoken to Azzurra for so long?"
    "But of course, Anatolio the Coward voices his defense: I should not, and cannot, just meet Azzurra every day, if I don't want society's gossip to go on."
    "In any case, Azzurra's place these days are locked most of the time. Is Azzurra doing exactly what I am doing? Trying to meld into the crowd, making like a social chameleon?"
    "Not today."
    "The front door is unlocked: as if she's inviting me to enter."
    "Should I? Of course!"
    "(Tiếng gõ cửa)"
    A" Hullo, hullo! Knock knock! Anyone home?"
    "Well, dear me. Even my jovial door calling has lost all of its mischief that I would normally be so proud of. That mischievous Anatolio might have as well died an ignoble death and buried six feet under..."
    Az" Door's open."
    "Azzurra's voice today sounds so quiet and even emotionless – no, not quite emotionless, and more like... distracted. By something infinitely more important."
    A" Excuse me!"
    "Cảnh: Nhà Ines"
    "Thời gian: Sáng"
    "Unlike what I was expecting, I am finding myself faced by a very serious, stone-faced Azzurra standing behind the doorway, arms crossed."
    A" … Is something wrong? Did I do something-?"
    Az" Please sit down."
    "Azzurra glances towards the table. Two chairs have already been set up neatly on two opposite sides."
    A" Well, err..."
    Az" I... have something I'd like to ask you."
    "My forehead feels warm and wet with sweat. Is she interrogating me?"
    A" S-so serious, Azzurra? Ha ha..."
    "I bite my lips and throw a fake distracted glance at the door."
    Az" Important business."
    "My calm is quick to return. Nothing to fear. Azzurra and I... we've been through heaps together, haven't we? Our bond is real. That's what matters."
    "I have nothing to hide, not to Azzurra."
    A" Fair enough. Just fire away."
    Az" Very well."
    "She sits down, leans towards me, and clasps her hands"
    Az" I have here two questions. Only two."
    "She draws a muffled breath and looks me in the eyes."
    Az" Question number one... What's Aurora to you?"
    A" Eh? … Wh-where did that come from?"
    Az" Oh, please, Anatolio. Don't tell me someone as naturally curious as you never questioned why they suddenly decide to reopen the bridge."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" And everything else, too. We all know the upper-class people had something to do with it, and I have something to do with it. And that just makes everything that much more suspicious. Wouldn't you have asked?"
    "Steely-voiced Azzurra could have made for a very good inspector if she'd reconsider her career choice, is all I can say about it."
    A" Haven't I mentioned Elena told me the reason? It's for the festival! We can only have one, as we have only one city!"
    A" Or are you doubting why they opened it so early? Well it's not. It's a month before the big day, and one month isn't quite enough if you asked me!"
    Az" Riiiight. Assume that makes sense – which it doesn't a lot – let's move to another matter."
    Az" The thing with my aunt and uncle being impostors How'd you know? Coincidence? Or a little bird told you?"
    "If Lorhengramm = 1:"
    Az" Did the little bird also tell you everything you need to know about Aurora to put Father Fredo into the vise?"
    "OutIF Lorhengramm =1"
    Az" And most importantly... you disappeared a few days ago for the whole evening. You told nobody. If you had nothing to hide, why do that?"
    "I wipe the sweat off my brows."
    "Okay, let's be frank. Let's be frank. Even if I've made up my mind to tell her the truth, her repeated hammer blows still shocked me to the core."
    "How much does she know about everything?"
    A" …"
    A" I admit. I have spoken to them, but I'm not part of their group."
    "To be completely honest I'd have to say “not yet”, But for the sake of the discussion, I don't think Azzurra would appreciate such unnecessary details."
    A" Long story."
    Az" And you don't want to tell?"
    A" I'm not sure it would be... beneficial for you to know everything?"
    "Azzurra's gaze drills into me."
    Az" If you say so – why don't you start with what you're sure would be beneficial for me?"
    "She beams. Mysteriously. Oh dear me."
    Az" The rest... I can fancy a guess or two."
    "… what bizarre world am I in, and is it my dear Azzurra or an Elena clone in front of me?"
    "Either way, have I a better choice?"
    A" Very well. Very well. I'll say. I'll say what I can."
    "Of course that means “not everything”. I did tell her about Mr. Attenborough. About our meetings. About what he wanted of me. About what Aurora has to do with what we've gone through, and how it saved us (so to speak) from a fate rather worse than death."
    "And most importantly, about the decision I have till this weekend to make."
    "A long breath is all I can manage when it ends."
    "I feel like collapsing on the table, exhausted yet strangely liberated."
    A" And the rest, your guess is probably as good as my confession."
    A" Azzurra... what would you have me do?"
    Az" What... I would have you do?"
    A" That's the question! What would you like me to do? To join them? Or to turn them down?"
    "Azzurra shakes her head."
    Az" You've done so much for me. How can I ever ask for more?"
    A" Hey, can the formality? I've said it: You're important to me. So,,,"
    Az" No. I can't do that."
    A" Eh?"
    Az" You're putting a huge burden on my shoulder, Anatolio."
    A" It's not! I really want you to-"
    Az" Well, think of it this way. If I told you to go ahead, what if something goes really, really wrong down the line because you've done as I said?"
    Az" Or what if I told you not to, and some time down the line you start to regret that opportunities you've missed, again because you've done as I said?"
    Az" That's not my burden to bear, Anatolio. I can't. I dare not."
    A" But this is your opportunity to meet those who can answer your questions! As your colleagues, rather than people who'd experiment on you!"
    A" Your questions you so wanted to ask! Why you're here. Why everything happened as they did. What is out there waiting for us."
    A" You said you wanted to know, didn't you?"
    "She did, and I am sure she'd like those answers more than anyone. Otherwise she wouldn't have done, well, basically everything she had over the past month."
    "But she shakes her head."
    Az" You're right. I do. I do want those answers, so badly, and I don't think I'll ever not want them."
    Az" But..."
    "Her cheeks flare a little."
    Az" You said I'm important to you, didn't you? How can I just chase after my selfish desire and not care about how you feel?"
    Az" I'll say this much: I'll always support you. Stand by your side. And walk with you. To wherever. As long as it is a path you desire to walk."
    Az" Now, and forever. And ever and ever and..."
    Az" I... have made myself clear... I hope?"
    "Then she turns away. Her mass of golden hair hides her burning cheeks rather well."
    "Took me a few seconds to understand what exactly going on."
    "Well, well, well. Hi there, proposal-Azzurra-style?"
    "That's right. I've done exactly what Azzurra said she wouldn't do to me: chase after my own thoughts, and forget about how she feels."
    A"..."
    A" Message received. L-loud and clear."
    A" S-so, you w-wouldn't hold it against me if..."
    "Azzurra turns around now, with cheeks less red but eyes way brighter. She'd made that most important choice in her life."
    Az" Not now. Not ever."
    A" So..."
    Az" Please... think this over carefully. Whatever your choice, whatever happen... I'll be there. I'll be there for you. No matter what."
    "I clench my fist."
    "Right, time to make a decision! Time to make up your mind once and for all, Anatolio!"
    A" I've decided."
    "Azzurra's eyes widen."
    Az" So quick?"
    A" Time's money!"
    "Choice 16:"
    "1.	Meet with Mr. Attenborough	"
    "2.	Call it quits.	"
    "3.	Coin toss for the win!"
    "***"
    "Choice 16 = 1"
    "Breathe in. Out. In. And out again."
    "I've decided! Let's do it!"
    A" I'll go see Mr. Attenborough again. See how it goes."
    A" If I like the terms? Well, I'll hire my talents out."
    "Azzurra clasps her hands again. Looking all too rejoiced."
    Az" Really?"
    A" Ah... well..."
    "Let's just say... well... uh... I've got to dig myself a way out if things go pear-shaped, don't I? All wise people do that, don't they?"
    A" That's why I said “If I like what I see”. There's that chance I'd decide Aurora isn't as good a place as he advertised..."
    "Azzurra sinks into deep contemplation for a brief moment."
    Az" And that's fine!"
    Az" As long as you're happy with it... all will be well, won't it?"
    Az" Agreed?"
    "Yes."
    "Yes, of course!"
    "Let's make it that way!"
    "(Jump Transition)"
    " (If Choice 16 = 3)"
    "Azzurra very nearly lunges towards me. Like I've just said something outrageously... outrageous."
    Az" WAIT, WHAT?"
    Az" Anatolio, Anatolio, my dear Anatolio... such an important choice... and you want to decide it on a coin toss?"
    "I scratch my head innocently."
    A" Uh... I don't think I can decide it otherwise. Why not let fate do it for me? Right? Right?"
    Az" ..."
    "Disappointed. That's all I can see from Azzurra's glance."
    "“Am I seriously betting my life on such an irresponsible lout?” Probably that's what she thinks.  "
    Az" Alright. Alright, Fair enough. I... respect that. I'll try."
    Az" If that can help you decide... then so be it,"
    Az" As long as you don't... regret it. I'll be fine."
    "That's all I need to hear – not as comforting as I'd like, but that'll do."
    "I produce the one coin I do have in my pocket. A silver coin, the head bearing the Creator's scepter, the tail the image of a large tree."
    A" Head I'll go for Aurora. Tail, I'll not. You with me?"
    "Azzurra nods, so very unwillingly."
    A" Let's do this."
    "One..."
    "Two..."
    "Three.."
    "TOSS!"
    "Clang."
    "(If Coin Toss = 1)"
    Az" Head... Head!"
    "Azzurra sounds almost unreasonably happy."
    "Well, it is a head. The image of the Creator's staff flashes in my eyes. Looks like the Creator Himself wishes I do this. For a reason only He knows."
    "Alright. Alright then. Alright then, Anatolio."
    "Does it look like I have any choice in this matter? Oh wait, I did. I turned it down."
    Az" So... will you keep your words, Anatolio?"
    "Calm down, Anatolio! If you're to walk this road, let's do so positively. Happily... Productively!"
    A" Let's do it!"
    "A smile unconsciously forms on my face."
    A" Because I am Anatolio Pietro, and I get things done!"
    "Azzurra, too, starts beaming."
    Az" Nobody says otherwise!"
    "(Jump Transition)"
    "(If Coin Toss = 0)"
    Az" Tail..."
    "Azzurra sounds more disappointed as she's ever been."
    "That's indeed the case. The image of the tree flashes in the morning light, as if teasing us both, more so Azzurra than me."
    "It takes her a few seconds of silent to regain some sort of composure."
    Az" You... will not change your mind, I see?"
    A" … If it's alright, I'll toss it again..."
    "Azzurra shakes her head."
    Az" Once's plenty enough for this sort of thing..."
    Az" If that's how Fate has decided, let's not go against it. Agreed, Anatolio?"
    A"..."
    A" That's probably for the best."
    "I can almost feel the air in the room condensing. Congealing."
    "And then something clicks within me. Yes, this is the way it has to be!"
    A" But!"
    "Azzurra's eyes widen. What, do I look that ridiculous?"
    "I probably do."
    A" If that's not meant to be... How about I make a new plan?"
    Az" A new plan?"
    A" Exactly! For me, for you... for us!"
    Az" You mean..."
    "Azzurra's face lights up with a hot flush. My dear Azzurra, you got the message, didn't you?"
    A" The future."
    Az" The future, huh…"
    "Her eyes meets mine, and glows with a twinkle."
    "And underneath that blonde curtain, I can see her smile – Azzurra's smile, bright and cheerful, as I'd like her."
    Az" I... like the sound of that."
    "In her eyes I see a new dawn. The future. And happiness. All of them, and more, fills me with more joy than words can cover."
    "Sorry, Aurora. You've been good, but I've found something better."
    A" … I do think we can skip that “introducing my significant other to my parents” step, can't we?"
    "(Jump A_Rich_Happy_Family)"
    "***"
    "Choice 16 = 2"
    "(Label: Marriage)"
    "Cảnh: cái cây già"
    "Thời gian: sáng"
    "Controlled breathing is hard, with a decision such as this. I must be huffing and puffing through my clenched teeth."
    "Let's do it, Anatolio. Make a decision, and stand by it!"
    A" I... won't see Mr. Attenborough again."
    A" What he can... what they can promise, that's not what I want. Not the ideal I'd like to swear by."
    A" All being told, I'm just an ordinary fellow, in an ordinary fellow, whose adventures and arrogance have led to nothing good."
    A" I'll be content with just being plain old Anatolio Pietro, warts and all. Not so pretty, not so perfect, not even extraordinary..."
    A" But that's what I am. The life they promise, that's not for me."
    "Azzurra's clasped hands quiver. Am I just imagining thing, or is she – or at least part of her – begging me to reconsider?"
    "… that's just not going to happen."
    "Because I know what is important to me."
    Az" I see."
    "Her voice is disappointment given sound."
    Az" You... will not change your mind?"
    "If I say I don't feel a smidgen of guilt, then I'd be the biggest liar out there."
    "Again doubt returns. Should I have chosen otherwise?"
    A" … Or... if you aren't up for it..."
    "She shakes her head."
    Az" That's quite... alright."
    Az" I said I will stand by you no matter what, didn't I? It's just... a little..."
    "Azzurra smiles bitterly: having accepted her destiny no matter how reluctantly."
    A" ..."
    "No, I can't turn back again. I've made a decision, and..."
    A" That's probably for the best."
    "The atmosphere feels like it had been engulfed in so much invisible gel as to drown us in silence."
    "But that doesn't have to be the way to go, does it? Of course not!"
    A" But!"
    "Azzurra raises her brows quizzically. Not unexpected – I must be looking like a fool, voice raised and hands slamming on the table and all."
    A" If that's not meant to be... How about I make a new plan?"
    Az" A new plan?"
    A" Exactly! For me, for you... for us!"
    Az" You mean..."
    A" The future."
    "For a brief moment I thought I'd failed: Azzurra stares at the ground, not looking up at all. Is my suggestion that outlandish?"
    Az" The future, huh…"
    "But then she looks up."
    "And underneath that blonde curtain, I can see her smile – Azzurra's smile, bright and cheerful, as I'd like her. As our eyes meet, what I see is a new dawn. The future. And happiness. All of them make a home in my heart at the same time."
    Az" I... like the sound of that."
    "CG: Kissing Scene"
    "There is this very light sweetness on her lips. Light, yet incredibly warm, like aged wine or fine tea, without the bitterness of either."
    "Just for this moment, all troubles and anxiousness has left me. There is just us who remain, and that is all that matters."
    "Guess this is goodbye, Aurora. You've been good to me... but I've got other plans now."
    "Azzurra, if I can make you a promise? We'll make ourselves a life as sweet as today's kiss."
    "Let's do it, shall we?"
    "(Jump A_Rich_Happy_Family)"
    "***"
    "(Label: Transition)"
    "Cảnh: Bờ hồ"
    "Thời gian: Đêm"
    "It's a dark, moonless evening. Perfect. All I need is a black cloak and an excuse to my parents (“Going to catch some fresh air, Mom!”), and there I am."
    "I take no pleasure in lying to their face like that, but they certainly aren't ready to learn of my decision. Heck, it might even put them into danger."
    "I try to keep my head clear and leave as much of my fear behind as I make my way to the lake."
    "Thankfully, I've drawn no real attention, and have been thus far accosted by no city guards. That might be problematic..."
    "And just like I expected, my contact has already been waiting. Mr. Attenborough's silhouette in the moonlight is visible from quite a distance..."
    "… maybe that has something to do with the thing he's towing along this time: A small, light carriage, painted black."
    "As he waves at me, I see him produce from his person a small, round, metallic object. He glances at it once, then stows it back to where it belongs."
    "Paul: Look what we have here, progress! I've only been waiting for thirty five minutes, twelve seconds and 528 milliseconds."
    A" Sir."
    "Paul: I suppose you've made up your mind."
    A" Yes, sir. I will join."
    "Paul: Good! Like I said before: We need good men. Like you-"
    "He glances at the carriage as he speaks."
    A" And this is..."
    "Paul: You'll follow me, I think? We'll not force you to walk."
    "A wave of panic runs through me. Now wait just a second there! Nobody said anything about leaving right about now! I haven't even said goodbye to Dad, Mom, Mr. Ascenderos or Elena! And then there's Azzurra, too!"
    A" I'm sorry? We'll be leaving the City? Like... right now?"
    "Paul: Not quite, no. We need you where you are. And if you'd obey your superior, you will stay where you are."
    "Paul: I'm just taking you to a place not far from where you live. You'll need to come there rather often in the future."
    "I must have looked like a scaredy cat just then: Mr. Attenborough quite sees through me,"
    "Paul: Well? Getting cold feet, are we?"
    A" N-no, sir, but..."
    "He studies me for a moment, then folds his arms."
    "Paul: Hmm. Not quite made up your mind, have you?"
    "Paul: Ah well. Can't help it. That happens often."
    "Then he tosses me a tiny flask."
    "Paul: A bit of coffee clears heads like nothing else.."
    A" Coffee, sir?"
    "Paul: How can I put it? When you're drunk on alcohol, you'd tell the truth, but lose all senses of rationality. On the other hand, being high on coffee makes your mind clearer... more rational... and more cowardly."
    "Paul: Drink deep, and let me know what your rational self would truly say."
    "Paul: This is the last time I can let you choose. No going back, not this time, lad."
    "For a while I stare at the flask, like it holds within it all the truth there is to hear in the world. Then I uncork the thing, and emptied the content into my mouth."
    "My body shivers from the bitterness? Seriously? Call this a drink? I've taken better-tasting medicine!"
    "Let's take it this way: As the drink courses through my system, suddenly everything about me looks clearer. My mind springs to work: better... faster... truer to myself..."
    "Right. One last chance to make a choice. Think carefully, Anatolio! What do you really want, and what can you afford to lose for it?"
    "Eyes open. Eyes close. Eyes open. Eyes close."
    "Very well. Very well then."
    "Let's have it that way."
    "Paul: Well? I'm still waiting right here."
    A" Yes, sir. I've made up my mind.."
    "Choice 17:"
    "1.	“I'll join. For good. And stay through thick and thin!”"
    "2.	“I... can't join.”"
    "***"
    "Choice 17 = 1"
    "Cảnh: thảo nguyên"
    "Hardly have I finished my sentence when Mr. Attenborough's large hand falls upon my shoulder with an audible slap."
    "Paul: Good. Good. Just as I expected of you."
    "Paul: Then let's waste no time. Get in and hold on."
    "I nod, and do exactly as I am told."
    "With a loud neigh, the draft horse starts pulling our carriage along the road North."
    "When you go far enough North, what you get is this kind of cold. It hangs around in every leaf, howls through every gap in the wood, and chills you to the bone."
    "Not unlike that last time so many years ago, does it?"
    "This time around, there is neither time nor mood to smell the flower. Besides, we didn't even go that far: it seemed like minutes before we came to a stop, near a newly erected watch post with the City's banner on top of it."
    "I am about to ask how we were going to pass without questions, when Mr. Attenborough turns the carriage around, and takes a detour through a seemingly invisible road."
    "“Seemingly” is the keyword: where we are going, the wheels seem to have a hard time dodging all the unfriendly pebbles littered along the uneven earth."
    "I spend the next five minutes having my behind and shoulder mercilessly tortured. Is it any surprise I can't be gladder when we finally come to a stop, in the middle of nowhere as it is?"
    "Paul: And here we are."
    "We are far enough that most of the tower's garrison wouldn't even bother to go looking, but for good measures (I think), Mr. Attenborough still chose not to put on any fire whatsoever."
    "Paul: I hope you recall this place, no?"
    A" Certainly, sir."
    "This is not, to my understanding, that far from the site of our glorious project (except not quite). I'm willing to bet our little pipe runs across the land here, between the lake and that desolated village."
    "Paul: Thought as much. Wouldn't be right if you'd forget this pump. Caused us lot quite a bit of issue, every one of us."
    "Paul: To be honest, though... you did good, son. You did good."
    "I don't know if I'd ever know what he truly means by that. In fact, I'm still thinking as he takes me near a tree stump."
    "Rustle. Rustle. Rustle."
    "Now would you ever guess that! Underneath the grass there is a hidden entrance to a tunnel, well hidden by a clever camouflage."
    "Actually, scratch that. Something like this should exist. I just can't think such a world unknown to the normal everyday person would exist so close to the City."
    "Paul: You first, gentleman."
    A" M-me? But-..."
    "Paul: Now steel yourself. I assure you: There's no ghost or monster of any sort inside."
    "He chuckles as he points to the entrance."
    "Tell me what other choice have I at this point?"
    "Again I do as I am told. I expect a loud creak as is the wont for such hidden entrance. It never comes: the place is better-maintained than I would expect."
    "There's a ladder leading into the darkness below."
    "Am I stepping down into the abyss?"
    "You heard the man, Anatolio! Steel yourself, and just go!"
    "Clank."
    "Clank. Clank."
    "Clank. Clank. Clank"
    "Cảnh: Đen"
    "It is pitch black. I may soon be eaten by a grue."
    "Except that... perhaps not."
    A" This is..."
    "Paul: Just a second there."
    "Then I hear the noise of something igniting."
    "Cảnh: Hầm bí mật (Ốp gạch, khá rộng rãi, bên trong có bàn ghế, tủ sách và hai cánh cửa.)"
    "Thời gian: Ánh đuốc"
    "Paul: Welcome to your new home, Mr. Pietro. Well, not quite home, actually."
    "Paul: But you'll be spending quite a lot of time here, if not by my order then out of your own accord."
    A" But what is this place?"
    "Paul: Well, it is..."
    "Paul: It is whatever you make of it. Home, a study, a secret lab, a hiding place when things go pear-shaped... There's enough here to fulfill whatever purposes you'd like."
    A" So this will be my place?"
    "Paul: Not just yourself. Let's say this is a common room for all Aurora member currently working in the City."
    "Paul: You'll be officially inducted next week, right here."
    A" I... see."
    "I glance upon the shelf, the cupboard, the table and the two bunk beds on either side of the room."
    "So clean. So orderly. So well-maintained. By whose hands, I can only guess. Bottom line, this is quite a good place to stay if nothing else."
    "Paul: See the doors? One leads to the city's waterworks. Good for a quick getaway. The other..."
    "Paul: … Let's just say it goes to the residence of a very important person."
    A" <Gulp>"
    "Paul: Now you just rest easy there, son. He's not going to do you harm. Follow your order, do what you need to do, and you'll get to meet him soon enough."
    "Suddenly my knees wobble. Guess why."
    A" I suppose he's our side, right?"
    "Paul nods."
    "Paul: He built this secret room. He, and a certain Silvio Fredo. Thought you might have heard about him."
    "(If Hanes_Truth = 1)"
    "I roll my eyes. Now where have I heard that before? And not just once, too!"
    A" Isn't that... Hanes' father?"
    "Paul: Hanes' father. A close friend to me. A more devoted soul to Aurora than the rest of this generation put together. Aaand... brother to that butcher Massimiliano – or Father Fredo as you know him. That's the man."
    "Paul: I suppose you know what happened to him."
    "Not sure if I can make a judgement, but it's more than certain Father Fredo has something to do with it. If not... solely him."
    "Paul: If only we were cleverer then. Or more decisive. Or just plain braver."
    A" I'm... sorry. I don't know what to say-"
    "Paul sighs, and looks me in the eyes again."
    "Paul: Old tale. That doesn't concern you much. All I need you to keep in mind is this secret has been made and kept only with blood."
    "Paul: Your responsibility, and that of us all, is to protect this place at all cost for as long as you remain in the City."
    "Paul: I suggest not making a habit of coming here unless necessary. You don't want to draw attention to yourself, more than you've already."
    "The shudder grows stronger. Have I ever mentioned I do not envy those characters from mystery novels?"
    "Another heavy hand falls on my shoulder before I can well recover."
    "Paul: Now, there, rest easy. We're no longer in those dark days twenty years ago. As long as you aren't too reckless, you'll do just fine."
    A" I sure hope..."
    A" Oh? These books... they look older than those on the shelf!"
    "Mr. Attenborough gives the pile a glance. Then he nods."
    "Paul: As old as you can expect of Silvio's old belongings. Or whatever is left of it after the smoke settled."
    "He lifts each and every volume, and shows them to me. Most of them are old tomes, but from their title I suppose these are history textbooks, literary works and philosophical musings, quite unlike Gramps' old store of natural sciences."
    "Now Mr. Attenborough dusts every single volume, then arrange them neatly back in a pile again."
    "Paul: The man was wealthier than most merchants in the City back then. Ironic, that he could only leave this much to his boy."
    "Paul: And if you looked at the pitiful state these books were in as we found them? Looks like Hanes didn't even know they exist."
    "He shakes his head. I can't read mind, but I'm pretty sure what he's thinking. Hanes has no use for them now."
    "Paul: We had half a mind to put all of this into the archive at some point. It's all that is left of our unfortunate brother's if nothing else."
    A" M-may I-"
    A" May I bring this home? Or just a few of them?"
    "Paul: Oh? And how useful would they be to you?"
    A" Just to learn about things, sir."
    A" I thought if we are looking for a way out of this world – if I want to contribute to that, wouldn't it be better if I get an inkling of what actually is out there?"
    A" Gramps – I mean, Mr. Ines, had a large library himself. Between Azzurra and I, we can keep these volumes safe, until the organization has need of them."
    A" Besides... I do want to keep something close at hand, that reminds us that Hanes Fredo used to exist, imperfect as he was."
    "Mr. Attenborough just stands there in silence for a while. He scratches his stubble, once or twice, but otherwise does nothing noteworthy. Deep in thought, no doubt."
    "Perhaps, just to make a guess, he'd forgotten Hanes used to be our friend."
    "Paul: Well, well, well. Right. Very right."
    "And now he remembers."
    "Paul: I think I can do something about that. I'll arrange for them to be moved to your place, one book at a time, some time after your induction. Of course, unless there are volumes here you'd rather not have."
    A" May I have a look?"
    "Paul: Do feel free."
    "And with that, my work begins in earnest."
    "In the distant future, am I to recall this moment, I can't quite determine how many pages I've flipped, or what exactly were on them."
    "I would only be able to recall one thing:"
    "On the very first page I flip, there are several lines of exceptionally neat handwriting:"
    "“Wer mit Ungeheuern kämpft, mag zusehn, dass er nicht dabei zum Ungeheuer wird."
    "Und wenn du lange in einen Abgrund blickst, blickt der Abgrund auch in dich hinein."
    "He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster."
    "And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee."
    "- Frederick Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil -”"
    "I shake my head."
    "No matter who wrote this, I suppose that Hanes has never read them."
    "Otherwise... well, things might have ended up better for him. And us."
    "TO BE CONTINUED"
    "(If Hanes_Truth = 0):"
    "My hand reaches for the back of my ear."
    "Never heard of that before, but I can try guessing."
    A" Father Fredo's relative?"
    "Mr. Attenborough nods, and then shakes again."
    "Paul: That'd be Massimiliano's brother. Can't you find a better friend."
    A" Oh. He must be an amazing man, isn't he?"
    "Paul: Was an amazing man. Got the Church issuing one warrant after another for his head, during that so-called inquisition of theirs. His nineteenth death anniversary is exactly one month ago."
    "Paul: Mind you, Massimiliano Fredo was not nicknamed The Massacrer for no reason. His company did terrible, terrible things to my friends..."
    A" I... am sorry, sir. I didn't know..."
    "Paul: Don't mention it. Part of my job is to remind the young such as you, of that tragic times, and those nameless heroes who'd give everything to protect what they believe in."
    "Paul: And to remind those like you – and some older yet infinitely dafter souls – that you can't have peace with the Church."
    "Paul: But that's enough of that. Another day I'll let you know all there is to know about those dark days. Let's just say that much blood has been shed and many a life extinguished just to keep this place secret."
    "Paul: Your responsibility, and that of us all, is to protect this place at all cost for as long as you remain in the City."
    "Paul: I suggest not making a habit of coming here unless necessary. You don't want to draw attention to yourself, more than you've already."
    "The shudder grows stronger. Have I ever mentioned I do not envy those characters from mystery novels?"
    "Another heavy hand falls on my shoulder before I can well recover."
    "Paul: Now, there, rest easy. We're no longer in those dark days twenty years ago. As long as you aren't too reckless, you'll do just fine."
    A" I sure hope..."
    "Paul: Let's make it this way: We'll see you again in a couple days' time. You'll know the details then."
    "Paul: Until then, I hope these will keep you occupied."
    "He points towards a rather large pile of very thick tomes on the table."
    A" This is..."
    "Paul: Quite a table full of food for thoughts, for starters. Literature and history and philosophy, and a few other things. Those intellectual values of that lost world we've somehow been able to keep safe."
    "Paul: Not unlike this secret room, blood had been shed so that you can read these pages of timeless wisdom today."
    "Now what have I to say about those books? One: Too thick. Two: Too obtuse, from the first page on."
    "The titles were telltale... except not quite: “Thus Spake Zarathustra”, “The Prince”, “Beyond Good and Evil”, “God is Dead”, “A Critique of Pure Reasons”, “The Metaphysics of Morals”..."
    "Those who penned these volumes were either supremely clever so as to be almost inhuman, or they'd done so while intoxicated. Reminds me of that time Mr. Ascenderos uttered much 'philosophical' musings with a bottle in hand. That was quite comedic.."
    "But no, it does seem that those who wrote these volumes took their works very seriously."
    A" I wonder... how long do I have to read all of this?"
    "Paul: Best case scenario? Your entire lifetime."
    "I stare at Mr. Attenborough. Is he joking? No, no, those eyes – so serious and so humorless. He definitely isn't."
    A" P-pardon me, sir?"
    "Paul: That's quite a lot of philosophy, right there. I've been a scientist and a part-time philosopher, so to speak, over the past thirty years."
    "Paul: What I have learned is: Philosophy without exact science would lack sanity. Exact science without philosophy would lack direction."
    "Paul: You want a way out? Then begin with both. You're still young: there's plenty of time."
    "Paul: Why, you'll even get to do things we couldn't."
    "True. I – no, we , Azzurra and I, we've got a task, don't we? Let's go out there, and find an answer for Azzurra's question. That's our goal."
    A" If you say so, sir. I'll... I'll do my best!"
    "Paul: So I'll give this to you. Keep them safe."
    "Paul: You'd do well to learn from them. I-"
    "His lips moved just a little, and then stop."
    "Paul: I have great hopes in you."
    "The room sinks back into silence. I have been staring at those books as if it was this kind of cursed gold: Mysterious, tempting... and so very scary."
    "Finally, I let out a deep sigh."
    A" May I have a look, sir?"
    "Paul: Do feel free."
    "And with that, my work begins in earnest."
    "In the distant future, am I to recall this moment, I can't quite determine how many pages I've flipped, or what exactly were on them."
    "I would only be able to recall one thing:"
    "On the very first page I flip, there are several lines of exceptionally neat handwriting:"
    "“Wer mit Ungeheuern kämpft, mag zusehn, dass er nicht dabei zum Ungeheuer wird."
    "Und wenn du lange in einen Abgrund blickst, blickt der Abgrund auch in dich hinein."
    "He who fights with monsters should be careful lest he thereby become a monster."
    "And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee."
    "- Frederick Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil -”"
    "TO BE CONTINUED"
    "OutIF HanesTruth"
    "***"
    "Choice 17 = 2"
    A" I'm sorry. Really sorry. But on second thoughts... this may not be right for me."
    A" I'm no longer as free as I'd have liked. I have a family – of my own – and my own intentions."
    A" I have Azzurra now, and she has me."
    A" I can't just throw everything away. No matter how noble the cause is."
    "I bow as deeply as I can."
    A" I... don't know what to say. Except that I'm sorry. I do beg your understanding!"
    "Now Mr. Attenborough looks me from top to toe. He shakes."
    "And then nods."
    "Paul: O well. No need to apologize."
    "Paul: We've been working on a voluntary basis for all these years."
    A" Y-you aren't afraid I'll take your secrets and-"
    "Mr. Attenborough bursts out laughing."
    "Paul: M'boy, who'd you take me for, that I'd told you our most guarded secrets? You, who haven't taken the oath to protect the true dawn?"
    "Paul: Besides, we aren't the Church. Won't become like them to fight them. Not now, not ever."
    "A deep sigh of relief gushes out from my lungs."
    "Paul: You've made your choice. Then go. Go, and follow your calling."
    A" Then... please excuse me, sir. Once again... thank you. Thank you, for what you've done for us."
    "Paul: No need to thanks. Just helping ourselves, is all I've done."
    "Paul: Well then. I... wish you the best of luck. Wherever you are, whatever you do."
    "He waves his hand, and made a hand sign. It looks suspiciously like the Holy Sign of the Creator, turned upside down."
    "Then he walks away. For good – bringing with him everything Aurora out of my life. Our lives."
    "(Jump A_Rich_Happy_Family)"
    "***"
    ""
    "(Label: A_Rich_Happy_Family)"
    "MOVEMENT 7: THE HAPPINESS THAT MATTERS"
    "Cảnh: bầu trời"
    "It was about one year later that I wed Azzurra."
    "Again, talk of the town. We'd gotten rather used to the gossip by then."
    "Those who know us, however, had no surprise there. Mr. Ascenderos even joked he was surprised we didn't have a child born out of wedlock."
    "In any case, Mr. Attenborough kept his promise."
    "Aurora and their cause no longer were part of our lives."
    "My short-lived mentor only did as he promised."
    "You don't get to see too many people standing by their words these days. Especially concerning such very important matters."
    "Have I made the right choice? Some nights, under the bright moon and the starry sky, I'd think as much to myself."
    "Perhaps a younger me would have regretted that choice, but I'd made it and thus have to live with it."
    "Though often I'd think to myself: how would things have been different – not necessarily better or worse – for us had I chosen otherwise."
    "As time passes, and as my hair turns grey ever so gradually, I'd learnt how to ignore those questions, or at least keep them under check."
    "I am living in the present, not a hypothetical past."
    "More importantly?"
    "I am a family man now."
    "***"
    "Cảnh: đen"
    "Fifteen years later."
    "Cảnh: Phòng sách"
    "Thời gian: Chiều"
    "Servant: Master! Master! Young Master Emilio is... is..."
    "Well, well, well. Why am I not surprised?"
    A" What's it this time?"
    "Servant: – having another fight, Master! Took five minutes to split him from Lord Baronet Benito De'Rovere, too!"
    C0" HANDS OFF ME! OFF, OFF, OFF! I'M TEACHING THE COWARD A LESSON!"
    A" By the Creator, what's going on here, Emilio?"
    "He stares at me, my boy... and then back on the floor the moment his gaze meets my. That's my kid: stubborn and fearless to everybody but Azzurra and I. More specifically, I."
    "Emilio: Father, I..."
    "Sometimes I ask myself why."
    "Emilio: I... I'm sorry, Father."
    "It's like a kind of gift granted from above. And not entirely unneeded, mind you. Controlling a hot-headed boy about to become a young man is hard work."
    A" Look at yourself now. Ours isn't a ruffian's clan, we're educated gentle folks! Hardly becoming of my son, getting down and dirty and all. Agree?"
    "Educated gentle folks?"
    "Funny how time changes. The son of a small, insignificant merchant, after fifteen years, what have I got for myself?"
    "I won't be so arrogant to say “The whole neighborhood belongs to me”. But that wouldn't be so far from the truth."
    "Except for Mr. Ascenderos' house, which I made a point to never touch, I've basically bought off every other house, businesses and shop fronts around me, and remake our old street into something of a production center."
    "The Merchants' Guild approves. Business is good, and where there is business there is wealth."
    "As for Azzurra, after the ceremony her ill-deserved reputation was finally fixed for good. If the Creator Himself accepts her, they say, what can the average person on the street say but do the same?"
    "Perhaps Father Fredo is the only one who only lost rather than gained anything out of the whole business. He has retired, for good this time, and retreated to a run-down chapel in a remote village at the edge of civilization."
    "All signs, he told me once, points to a new era beginning. And he wants to be no part of it. I didn't know what he truly meant then, but now?"
    "Perhaps he is right, but not for the reason he thought. The City is now a place of business and commerce."
    "After so much trouble we've gone through the Church and the City authorities had agreed to keep the bridges open. That helps traffic, that helps business, and that helps the Church look better. Everyone benefits."
    "I've got the new Pope to thank for that: one day he proclaimed something about doing the very best to make sure those who want to do business can do so. Again, the Merchants' Guild approves."
    "As time passes, the rank of merchants in the City begins to soar, swelled by the new class of nobles who decided their money is better invested in workshops and plantations rather than in expensive toys that do nothing but look pretty."
    "A soft harrumph from my assistant brings me back to reality. There, my boy stands, cowed... yet still stubbornly staring into the distance – at anything that isn't me."
    "Emilio: But, Father! He started it! Said you're not as great as his dad! That his dad will crush you in a fair fight! That-that-that I'm a third-rate soldier who'd eat a cannonball to the face before a battle even begins!"
    "Oh dear. Let's just say he got his hot-headedness from somewhere. Not necessarily a bad thing, if I have to say that myself. Just look at me today."
    A" There will be no battle. We've been through this, son."
    "Emilio: But he said there will be! A big, huge, enormous war's coming, that's what he said! That he'd be a real hero when the opportunity comes!"
    "I shake my head. The De’Rovere clan is truly exceptional at everything, except at bringing up a child properly. Let's just say having a hussar officer for a father did make the boy something of a swagger and a thug."
    "Emilio: Father? Say something!"
    A" Look, Emilio. Like I said: he's a boy born of a noble family, and with a father in the cavalry? Of course he'd fancy himself a better-than-you warrior."
    "Benito De'Rovere, well, what can I say about that boy? Kid's a De'Rovere scion, and probably pretty high in the Duke's line of succession, true, but he's not Elena's son."
    "Not long after our emancipation Elena vanished without a trace. Nobody knows what happened, and – though quite rightly depressed, the Duke said nothing about the matter."
    "Some year later they say the Duke adopted a distant relative, and has been treating this lady as though his own daughter."
    "All of this, of course, is hearsay: with Elena gone, I no longer have a trustworthy source of information on the goings-on in the noble world."
    "What is definitely not pointless gossip, is that this foster daughter of the Duke took a husband who is a cavalry officer. A typical cavalry officer."
    A" And us? We aren't military stuff, son. My father, his father before him, and his father before that too, we've made our living buying low and selling high. And do some reading in the sideline if we have the time. Not fighting, and definitely not being a hero of any sort."
    "How my boy got to know the De'Rovere grandson is... well, a mystery to me. There's something between them that reminds me very strongly of Hanes and myself – with my own son playing the Hanes part."
    "I suppose someone can make a bold statement about karma right here."
    A" Now I'm not saying you can't hang out with him, but you have to know who he is and who you are. Got it, son?"
    "Emilio: But that's giving up! That's cow-cowardice!"
    "My eyes flare. And my boy shivers."
    "Emilio: Father, I-"
    "Deep breath, Anatolio. Deep breath, and soften yourself."
    A" That's not cowardice. That's what I call being a wise man who knows who he is and acts accordingly. And you'd do well to learn how."
    A" Learn to keep calm. Learn to take things in stride. Learn how not to explode every single time. It's a skill like any."
    "I pat him on the shoulder."
    A" Would you look at the time! Back to your room, get changed, and prepare for tonight's reception."
    "Emilio shuffles out of the room, eyes still wandering somewhere on the floor."
    "I'm not sure what it is that bothers him more: that I've once again told him to basically know his place, or the event tonight."
    "As for the event tonight?"
    "Now the main character enters my study."
    "Blue dress (except of fine silk rather than coarse threadbares), check. Golden hair, check (except now nicely combed with a silver hairpin)."
    "And a pair of twinkling eyes: thoughtful and mischievous in equal measures (except with that motherly concern about it)."
    "Yes, that's my Azzurra all right. Azzurra – the more she changes, the more she stays the same."
    "Azzurra might be the oddest lady among the new upper class. And I am so proud about it."
    "Fifteen years has made Azzurra into not just my wife, not just the mother of my son, but also my closest ally and assistant."
    "The only one I can trust, come what may. Much of what I have today, I wouldn't have earned without her support, or her acumen, or her attitude."
    Az" That's... not going to be the end of that, I'm afraid, dear."
    A" Not much we can do about that, is there? Kid's as stubborn as a mule. Just give him some time to think it over."
    Az" Says the proud father."
    A" Guilty as charged."
    "I am not sure my chuckle helps matter, because Azzurra just raised an eyebrow at me. And maybe shook her head in that mild, Azzurra-ly disapproval, too."
    Az" Oh, and about tonight... Do you think he should attend with us?"
    A" Ah, he'll manage. We aren't going to be around forever, sooner or later he'll have to do everything for himself. That means he'll have to start getting lessons on how to hold receptions and get contracts signed sooner or later."
    A" Preferably sooner."
    Az" I'll see if I can do something to help him…"
    A" Make sure to hurry – this is your contract we're discussing, not mine!"
    Az" Will do!"
    "***"
    "Cảnh: Sân thượng (Nhìn xuống cả thành phố)"
    "Thời gian: Hoàng hôn"
    "All told, I'm rather pleased by the reception."
    "We didn't get the contract signed , but that's a mere technicality at this point. The would-be clients seem to like what they see – our little trade empire, how professional Azzurra is, and how everything runs like oiled clockwork between us."
    "And then there's Emilio, too: he can look like (or even be) a good apprentice to the trade if he wants, and this night he'd been sitting there, patient and smiling and as observant as you can hope."
    "Now, as the servant closes the gate and the household winds down, I – we – return to our regular schedule."
    "It's been two years now since we built ourselves this small mansion as befitting our new wealth and status."
    "Not one day has gone by without Azzurra and I climbing to the top floor balcony every sunset."
    "We've got everything there that makes us who we are: Azzurra and I, immersed in the fresh air, the fading sun and the horizon before our eyes."
    "We'd sit there for an hour a day, until the sun vanishes behind the thin horizon. Discuss what business of the day we need to, or talk about some distant scientific matter irrelevant to our new life."
    "Good entertainment, if nothing else."
    "Today, Azzurra seems more quiet than she normally is."
    A" What's the matter, dear? Something on your mind?"
    Az" You're right. Something's on my mind – nothing serious though."
    A" How about we talk about it?"
    A" Let me guess. Emilio?"
    Az" Not really, no. Emilio... well, he's a lot more... proper, than he shows everyone. Give or take a few years and I'll have nothing to worry."
    "Read my mind, Azzurra. I've never been quite concerned about my boy. Now, Benito De'Rovere, on the other hand, I'm more concerned about, and I'm not even that kid's father."
    A" Is it about this contract then?"
    Az" I wouldn't even think about it if I were you. I'm not Azzurra Pietro if they don't drag a nicely done-up contract here in a few days begging for a signature!"
    "Again, read my mind."
    A" What is it then?"
    Az" My dreams."
    A" Oh? I thought it's been a while since you last had a nightmare?"
    Az" It has."
    Az" I've only been thinking... how the last fifteen years have gone by like a dream."
    A" A very pleasant dream, I sure hope?"
    Az" …"
    A" … D-did I say something wrong?"
    Az" No, nothing wrong, dear. It's been a beautiful dream. Just that..."
    Az" … It is also incomplete."
    Az" So many questions we have left unanswered."
    Az" So many mysteries, unaddressed."
    "Azzurra looks up at the sky above. Up there, the sun is sinking behind the mountain range in the distance."
    "The dying light shines upon our City, draping it in gold and amber. What a beautiful painting, more so than any artist can hope to capture."
    Az" You may have forgotten how we, too, were also curious as to what lies beyond that sky..."
    A" I haven't. Not for a day. But..."
    Az" But?"
    A" There are things, my dear Azzurra, that are simply out of our reach."
    A" The Anatolio Pietro, Esq. today only has enough time and energy for two things. One is to ensure this business of ours continue to prosper and grow. And two..."
    A" Two: To make an elegant lady named Azzurra and a stubborn young man named Emilio happy."
    "Azzurra smiles."
    Az" I've never once doubted that. But then, if not us, who would be able to reach those mysteries? Emilio's generation?"
    A" Most likely not even his. Perhaps his children, or his children's children. Who knows?"
    A" I think... maybe if a time comes when this world becomes too crowded and stuffy. Maybe if the Church and the existing order can no longer handle everything."
    A" Then there will be people who are good and smart and resourceful enough to answer those questions we have been unable to."
    A" If anything... we're just unfortunate not to be born in those times. That is one thing completely beyond what I can do."
    Az" Actually... no. No, we aren't unfortunate."
    A" Oh?"
    Az" Do you recall what you've told me before?"
    Az" If we can't reach for that horizon so distant, if we can't answer all those questions beyond our scope, why not look after our own happiness? That's what you said, wasn't it? To treasure what we have in hand, rather than the distant things you cannot help."
    Az" You remember, don't you?"
    A" Of course!"
    "How can I not? It is the very logic that helped me save Azzurra and myself. The very thing that brought us together."
    "We are standing right here, looking at the world from the top floor of just about the tallest building in this part of the city, and the sky above it. All of this would have been impossible had we not followed that simple philosophy."
    Az" That's why... I have no regret whatsoever."
    "My eyebrows twitch. Were I a teenage boy like back then, I'd make like “Girls are so complicated”. Well, but today I'm no longer a teenage boy, and that women is no longer my friend-student-girl-I-am-attracted-to."
    A" Wait up, weren't you the one going “those last fifteen years have been a pleasant dream, but incomplete”?"
    Az" I did. And there's no contradiction whatsoever."
    Az" Because why care about completeness when we've got the most important thing?"
    "Azzurra holds my hand tight. “Family”, she whispers, and everything suddenly becomes clear.  "
    "We are imperfect, and that is why we get to be together, and prosper: because we have put our effort into that which matters."
    A" My thoughts exactly. That's all we want. That's all we need."
    Az" Indeed."
    "And then something from below completely shatters the quaintness of the young night."
    "Emilio: … WILL TEACH HIM A LESSON!"
    "My head tilts to the left, then the right, then back to the left."
    "Azzurra's hand quickly slaps on her forehead."
    "Let's try this again."
    "Let's do that. Bring up the boy properly. Because, Emilio, you're my hope. You're our hope, and our future."
    "That's right, That which our generation could not do, perhaps our children can. If they can't, then perhaps their children, or their children after them."
    "Because human society is here to stay. And to stay means to grow."
    "The Creator, too, would think the very same, I daresay."
    ""
    "HAPPINESS END."
    "(If demo.finish==1 Jump Secret_Garden)"
    "(Label: Secret_Garden)"
    "NOTE 4: קוֹמֶדִיָה"
    C0" Not a bad ending by any stretch of imagination..."
    C0" But of course. That's what I am here for."
    C0" Ha! I hope you recall how many times you have failed. It's almost a throw-your-dog-a-bone thing to see this... not turning out as bad as it could have."
    C0" That has only happened *** times. No need to overreact, is there? It isn't like you are happy were קוֹמֶדִיָה everything to come to an end?"
    C0" Of course. Keeping an eye on קוֹמֶדִיָה them is something I just like doing."
    C0" Thought so."
    C0"……"
    C0" Though there's something I don't get. Why do you insist on saving him?"
    C0" ………………"
    C0" םָאוֹר?"
    "םָאוֹר: Not quite so. It only concerns a little wager. Him, and me."
    "םָאוֹר: Ah well, I don't actually expect you to get it."
    C0" Hmm. Just like you to do things without a sense of purpose, be it creating a life... use a life... or make a bet."
    C0" Sometimes I don't know what you have in that head of yours."
    "םָאוֹר: Something or other. As for you, just keep moving with that happy ending of yours.."
    "םָאוֹר: Or if you won't have that, why not go with something easier? Simpler?"
    "םָאוֹר: Though I'm not particularly against this קוֹמֶדִיָה story lasting another while, just so you know."
    C0" No need to repeat yourself a bazillion times."
    "םָאוֹר: Do let me in on what you've got planned out. It shall be a pleasure—"
    "םָאוֹר:						 הכחולות"
    "FIN"
    ""
    "